In my life, I have experienced many wonderful opportunities, albeit some challenging ones. But there have also been many experiences that I was shut out from. Some of these I was able to brush off and forget about, but others still bother me to this day. One thing that has always been especially hard for me to deal with is my dating life. Since I have a developmental disability, it seems like that’s the first thing people think of when they see me. I have a wheelchair, can’t walk, can’t speak clearly, and need help being fed and getting dressed. As a result, many people never take the time to get to know me truly. But so, what does that mean for a girl that I have real feelings for? What does that mean to a stranger? That I don’t even get the chance of genuinely meeting and getting to know? Human beings understand the people they encounter by categorizing them into buckets. And every day, there emerge new ways to organize people.
We all love being a part of something in that way, but what if that “something” is shaming whole groups of people? What if the “category” you get put into is not the right one? What if you were categorized as a nerd, but you were actually a jock? What if you were labeled as “stupid” even though you had all A’s? What if you were labeled as “disabled,” but you really weren’t? Take me, for instance. My brain is just as high functioning as that of any “normal” person. My sister and my staff will be the first to tell you that I have the highest IQ!
I may have some physical disabilities, but as soon as anyone hears the words “disabled” or “special,” it’s like they don’t know how to act anymore. I believe that our egos and expectations frequently get in the way of our feelings and love. Both are high when I meet new people because I come from a warm, loving, and inclusive family; they see me for who I truly am and do not categorize me based on my physical limitations. The majority of people categorize “people with disabilities” as one big group even though not a single one of us is identical to another. This makes it seem like we all have the same brain activity and physical disabilities as if we are all the same. We aren’t! This can be particularly frustrating for somebody who may go so far as to consider themselves lucky enough to have full brain function and intelligence. It is unfortunate that it only takes someone to glance at me before they conclude that I can’t comprehend or perceive the world we share together as they do. I think that there is a big misconception about “disabled” people. Well, I don’t know if it is fair to call ignorance and generalization a misconception. To those on the receiving end, it feels like the convenient chiseling away of one’s humanity by somebody who neither understands nor has a propensity for learning about those with different bodies than they. Now when it comes to the dating world, add in a whole extra splash and flavor of challenges, difficulty, awkwardness, and more. I have had a few relationships, but nothing like I wish they could have been. I had one girlfriend with whom I had a real relationship. It was very hard to even start it off in the beginning. When we met, I was still living in a group home, and she was actually working for a different company that empowers people with developmental disabilities. I knew she was skeptical about even giving it a try. Something that really bothered me was that her company was almost teaching her that you could never “be” with someone “like me.” This made me open my eyes up to a lot of other things. Many people generally feel like they could never be with someone with a “disability.” But really, you can be with anyone you want, as long as you feel they are the right person for you. We all breathe the same air, bleed the same blood.
I’ve always wanted to put my life into writing, and the best way I envisioned this was by putting pen to paper and writing an autobiographical book. I didn’t want the entire book to be based on my opinions alone. So, I intend to include multiple anecdotes based on real-life experiences. The people in my life and the experiences I’ve had with them have meant a lot to me. In order to protect their identities, I have changed the names of some of those people. A book such as this requires honesty and candor. Out of respect for the many special experiences and wonderful times I’ve shared with the beautiful and remarkable women I’ve had the privilege to know, I have made use of a pseudonym: Jennifer.
Some people think that people with “disabilities” can’t function the same way as they; they have fewer life experiences and limited cognitive function, perhaps. So many people assume that the world looks different from a wheelchair, that we live, love, and laugh less because of our “disabilities.” This is simply not true. Take me, for instance. I can attest to the fact that whatever it is, most people assume I cannot do; I absolutely can. I am a very normal guy, and I think about guys. Not unlike your own, my life has held its fair share of challenges. It has been quite a challenging journey that has required spirit, grit, passion, and resilience every step of the way. Needless to say, there have also been some people in my life who have helped me get where I am today. I know we all wish for and dream of the things we want and the people we aspire to become. I’ve had all of those thoughts in my head for as long as I can remember. I’ve pictured my lifestyle and how I want my life to look many different times, and I am still working on getting there one day. But in the long run, I truly believe having dreams to follow and hopefully be able to achieve those dreams someday is what gets you through life.’ I just wish people could understand more about people with different abilities; that we are all human, with real feelings, and have a purpose in this life just like every other person, even if they are categorized as “disabled.”
It is February 12. It’s quite early in the morning but not indecently, and I am up because my alarm clock is going off. I look over, and it’s 8 am already! I start to move around very slowly as though to prepare myself for getting out of bed. I went to sleep around 4 am so I am feeling extra sluggish today. I pause for a moment before I start my day and look around. I have worked so hard for this life that I simply wake up every morning to be where I am today. It is a very empowering feeling indeed.
Anticipation fills me. I know my good friend is coming to visit today because we talked about it last night. She wants to come over so she can help me get situated before the big snowstorm hits. I hear the wind howling outside as I brush my teeth, and you can just tell it is extra cold this morning, which is ironic because today is a special day for me, and it holds very warm memories. See, it is kind of an anniversary. On February 11, some years ago, I encountered somebody very special when I met some friends during a night out with the guys. And now I can’t help but reminisce. I find myself transported to a different time.
That morning all those years ago is so like this morning. I revel in the memories for a few more minutes before I get out of my waterbed. My deliciously heated waterbed, did I mention? I got dressed. I go over to my computer. I’ve been keeping a few notes for myself because I want to write a book someday. When I finish writing my thoughts down on the computer, I look outside to the front window. It is a gentle snowfall. Then I put my head down on the back of the couch with my phone next to me. I started thinking about how special the girl I had met all those years ago was. It feels like it was just yesterday. I met last night. After, my staff had left for the night yesterday. I did some scheduling and paperwork for my staff on my computer. Once I was done with all of my work, I turned on the TV. There was breaking news: the headline was a special report now. The meteorologist had said a very bad storm would be coming in the afternoon today. They recommended everything be closed by 2 pm or sooner. Worried, I had sent out a few texts to my staff and dearest friends. The majority of everyone I had texted responded, saying that the weather channel is usually wrong. Or something along the lines of “doesn’t worry about it, it’s not going to get that bad out.”
I texted them back, saying, “I know, but I want to be safe.” I’d barely gotten any answers back, so I was feeling very frustrated, and I was still worried about what I was going to do if I got snowed in, all alone. The thing is, if I get snowed in, I cannot eat or drink anything till my staff or somebody is able to shovel their way into my home. A few hours had gone by, and I was still watching TV when I heard my cell phone ring. It was my friend, Jennifer.
When I had finished texting Jennifer, I was honestly a little shocked at her response because she would usually always tell me about her new man, but this time she didn’t. I don’t really like it when she tells me about her new guys because I care about her and would be devastated to see her hurt. I had turned the TV back on, but I couldn’t help but think about Jennifer’s response. She had worked with me only for a few months, but it felt like we had known her a long time. We always had fun when she was working. We would joke around as if we were friends and like there were no problems in the world. But during those months, I had grown to love her. She saw something special in me and helped me be that person. However, after a while, I realized that I needed to give up the idea of us being together because she wanted a man who does the same types of things that she enjoys doing. She likes to go on walks, running, bike riding, and go on the trails through the woods.
I love to do those activities with her because I love to be outside when it is nice outside, but I have a little problem; my power wheelchair can't do things I wish I could make it do. If I can buy a track wheelchair power, maybe I can do what people without a minor disability do. But I am always looking for the right person to be with, and I would like a person like who I am. It is so hard because I feel girls are looking at the outside of a person and how they look rather than the thing that matters most, personality. So, we turned out to be just good friends. Things didn't work out as I had hoped they would between us. But I had said to myself, thank you, God, for allowing me to have met such a nice person.
Then my cell phone rang again, this time it was my sister Sara. She wrote, “Hi, my favorite brother.” I said to her, “Hi Boo, what’s up?” She said, “I am watching the news; it’s talking about how bad the snowstorm buffalo is getting. What are you doing? I am worried about you.” I said, “I’m watching it too. But no problem, my friend Jennifer is coming around 9 am tomorrow.” Boo said, “Oh, Jennifer is coming! Is she the one who worked with you before, right? Was she the pretty one with glasses and long light brown hair?” I said, “Yes, she did a while ago; I remember she did quit after a few months because she thought I was a cool guy, and she wanted to be a friend more than to be my staff because it has a lot of rules go by. Boo said, “I’m glad she is coming there to be with you because I like her. What about your staff?” I said, “I did text them, and they didn’t take me seriously about it getting bad outside, but I am so happy because Jennifer is coming .” Boo said, “I know you are, please text me if you need anything.” I said, “I will, thank you. Good night. My favorite sister texted me back saying, “Good night to me.”
Right after I had said goodnight to Sara, my parents then texted me. "Hi Todd, we watched the news, and we know you're going to be getting a storm. Please be safe and stay at home. We hope someone is going to be with you at home. We love you." They're lucky because they live in Florida; they don't have to deal with the snow anymore. I responded, "Thank you, luckily I have a friend that will be here in the morning. Love you guys goodnight." They said, "Okay, good, please text us if you need anything, Goodnight." It was late, I was planning to take a shower, but I didn't because it was already a little bit after 11. I also knew how cold I would be after the shower because no one was here to help me put a new shirt on. I wanted to have a good night's sleep, so I changed to my pajama bottoms.
I called my cat to come to bed with me. I yelled “MARTHA” “MARTHA,” after a minute or so, and she came strolling into the bedroom. When we are both laid down in bed together, but she always jumps up to the bed and walks around my head. She will lay down next to my left side so I can pet her when she doesn’t want me rubbing her anymore. Then she is going to play with my foot.
I lay there in bed pondering my thoughts. I eventually fell asleep; even then, I couldn’t sleep for very long. I was too excited at the thought that Jennifer would be here. She is staying over for a few days, which should be great! I jumped out of bed and bounced all around the floor, and I don’t think I’ve ever seen Martha jump up so quickly before. I think I scared her because when I turned around, her hair was standing straight up. She looked like she was going to pounce on me. I said to her, “It is ok, Martha; I need to find something to say to Jennifer when she gets here, maybe a pickup line.” Martha looked at me funny. I went to my computer room and started to look on the Internet. I searched “pick up lines for girls or how to talk to girls.” I had no luck because when I searched “how to talk to a girl,” it took me to online dating and a horrible website.
I checked the clock; it was 2:37 am. I thought; Oh damn, I will be tired tomorrow, and Jennifer is coming in about six and a half hours!  I looked over at Martha; she was sitting in the doorway staring at me. I can only assume that she was curious and confused as to why I was up at such an hour. I said to her, "I need to go to bed because I know I'll be tired tomorrow. "But I think it's a good idea to take a shower first. I know I won't have time in the morning before Jennifer gets here.  I tried telling her to go back to the bedroom, but as I went to my bathroom Martha, of course, wanted to come into the bathroom with me. For a while now, every time I go to the bathroom, Martha races to the door, trying to beat it before it shuts so that she doesn't have to be alone. It's something I can relate to. So, I just allow her to come in there with me the majority of the time.
As I’m in the shower, I peek out and see Martha curled up with the floor mat. She saw me, then she jumped on the side of the bathtub, she was walking back and forward on the side of the bathtub. I turned my head around and looked at her; she gave me a little kiss on the front of my nose. Then I waited for her to jump off of the side of the bathtub. Before I turned the water on because I didn’t want to make her scared, when she jumped off the side of the bathtub, she went to the mat and then waited for me. When I got out of the shower, I started to dry off with my towel. Martha has that look in her eye; she knows it’s her turn next. I told her, “I know,” “I know,” we have the system; she started walking towards me because she likes me to take my bath towel and put it on her back and just rub her. I never quite understood why she likes it so much, but it brings me joy to see her get so happy over something so small in my eyes. I’m very grateful to have her in my life. She sits and waits patiently by the door until I open it. I set my bath towel over the tub, opened the door, and went into my bedroom. I saw what time it was. I said, “oh no” “; it’s 3:40 already!?” I didn’t even bother to put my pajamas back on. I climbed into bed and got cozy. I fell asleep pretty quickly.  
Then my alarm clock went off, and it was 8 o’clock; I was starting to move around for a little bit. Then I got out of bed. My bed is a heated waterbed, so you can only imagine how hard it is for me to get up, especially when it’s cold outside, and I only got a few hours of sleep. I grabbed some clothes from the drawer and put them on. I went on my computer to see if I had any emails, then I went to the living room window to look outside; it was snowing very lightly. Now I am here, and I am waiting for Jennifer to come. She said that she would be here around 9 o’clock; I looked at the clock. It is 8:21 am, then I said to myself. I needed a 20-minute catnap; I put the blanket over me, I closed my eyes, and I felt Martha walking on me; she laid next to me. She always stayed in the room with me, so I was excited and talking to myself about how today was a special day and how my good friend was coming over here to help me.
I fell asleep for a little while, then I heard my cell phone ring, and it was my staff, Eric. His text read said, “Hey Todd, I’m sorry to do this to you, but I can’t make it because of the weather.” I text him back, “that is funny because I told everyone about the bad snowstorm, that it is coming, and yet everyone laughed at me, but I have everything in control, thankfully. My friend is coming over soon to help me. What would happen if I didn’t have Jennifer come over before the snowstorm?” He texts me back, “I’m really sorry.” I didn’t want to answer him back; I wanted to watch the news instead. I turned on the news; they were saying that we were going to have three-plus feet of snow in the next two days.
Now I am starting to worry about the effect of the snowstorm and Jennifer. It is 9:15, and I still have no text from her. So, I turned my fireplace on as well because I still didn’t have a shirt on. I went back to the couch and put my blanket back over me, I called for Martha to come here. A few minutes later she came and laid down next to me. I fell asleep but it was only a few minutes. [1]  Then I woke up because I heard a knock at the door. I don’t know how, but I was at the door already; I looked around and saw it was 9:30 am. I was in the living room, the fireplace was running, and Martha ran into the bedroom. I said to myself, and I was lying on the couch! Now I am in front of the door. Did I crawl when I was sleeping? Anyway, I opened the door, and there was Jennifer with two bags. She said, “Good morning, Todd” “I’m moving in” in a joking voice. She then says, “I am still in my pajamas,” as she’s covered in snow. We both just start laughing. She says, “OH MY, you need a shirt!”
I just nodded my head as I shivered from the door being open. I always want to say so much, but I usually have to keep it too short. I use something called air writing. I take my hand and arm and spell out words letter for letter. It can be frustrating at times, but I try to stay patient and calm. I then say H I with a big smile on my face. I said, C O M E I N, she walked in my place.  Then I crawled over towards my TV; that’s where my augmentation device is hooked up. My device helps me type out longer things I want to say. I type it in, and then the device will speak out loud for me. It read, “Thank you for coming, please take your coat and shoes off, make yourself at home because I think you are going to be stuck for a few days.” She took her shoes off when she took her coat off; she had a black robe on under her coat. She said, “I hope you don’t mind that I look like a bum, but I didn’t find it necessary to get dressed.” “But I think so too, Todd, and I’m hoping that’s okay with you.” I said to her, “That is fine with me!” Then I saw her hair and noticed a difference. So, I asked her, “Did you change your hair color?” she said, “Oh, I did, and I want to try blonde. I did it a week ago after I came to see you.” I said to her, “I like it; I love blonde.” She said, “I know you do, and that was why I did it.” She made me feel special.
I kept looking at her because I noticed something else about her was different, but I couldn't get my finger on it. I did stop thinking about it, so I said to her, "Oh, Guess what." She says, "what?" "My staff called off because of the weather." She said, "I thought so, I figured that was going to happen to you, and that was one of the reasons why I wanted to come." "Thank you, and you are the best." She said, "You're welcome, and stop that. I wanted to be here, and I care about you." She then gave me a big hug and said, "okay, let's go get a shirt on you!" She ran into my room and grabbed a shirt from my closet, and put it on me as fast as she could. She could tell that I was freezing. She asked me, "Are you thirsty; I will make fresh juice for you. I said, "yes, please, oh you can take your two bags in my bedroom because upstairs is too cold for you."
She went into my bedroom, put her bags down, then she took her robe off and put it on my bed.  She has adorable pajamas. I thought it was too sexy for her, but I didn't say anything because I didn't want to make her uncomfortable. So, I left it alone. Then she told me, "Hey you, come with me into the kitchen" I hopped up in my wheelchair and then followed her into the kitchen. She sat down, and we began to chat. "I am glad I came when I did because the roads are starting to get worse, and you can barely see in front of you. You know that I live 10 minutes away from here." I asked her, "How long did it take you to get here? "She said, "About 50 minutes, and I know you were worried about me like you usually are. I was pretty shocked you didn't text me." I said to her, "you're right, but I didn't want to text you because I knew you were driving here in this weather." She got up and grabbed the fruit from the fridge, and set up the juicer.
I said, “don’t be worrying about food or water because I have a lot of it. “She said, “Oh, I know my Todd always has food here.” She finished cutting the fruit as we continued to talk, I said. “You know I’ve always liked to look at deals, especially on bulk items. It gives me some comfort knowing I have enough spare food in my pantry if I were to be stuck in my house.” We laughed; I said to Jennifer, “Do you remember when we went food shopping?” She said, “Oh yes, and I thought you were crazy.”  I said to her, “why?” She said, “Because when I first started here, I didn’t really know much about how things would work. When we went to the grocery store for the first time, you bought so much I thought you were going to feed an army!” I laughed. She then said, “But over the time that we had worked together, I really did learn a lot from you. You made me a more joyful person. I thank you for that.” I then said, “Please stop that,” as I patted her on the shoulder. We exchanged smiles.
So, Jennifer then made my juice for me. She searched the cabinets for the special cups I needed; I sat there and watched, trying not to laugh. She noticed the smirk on my face and came over to me, and gave me a little nudge on my back. She turned back around, and I pointed up to the cabinet where they were in. She poured the juice in and grabbed my little towel. She said, "oh my gosh! It's been a long time since I've done this; I'm so sorry, Todd!" as my drink spilled all down the front of me, she yanked the cup away so fast it went all over her as well. She set the cup down on the table, and we both burst out laughing. She apologized again. I said, "It's really okay; you know it's not the first time it has happened." "I'm going to change my shirt; you need to change your pajama top. That way, we can put them in the wash." She went to my bedroom to change as I went to the bathroom to take my shirt off and wipe it down with a towel.
As always, I need assistance with putting a shirt on. I opened the bathroom door to head towards my room, but I noticed the door was barely shut before I even made it 2 feet. I could see Jennifer’s naked back with just underwear on. I slowly and quietly went back into the bathroom. But I threw my towel and shirt in the hallway because I knew she was going to ask for it. I decided to act like I was using the toilet. But I really just sat there debating if I should tell her what I had just seen. I hear her call my name, “Todd, are you alright in there?” I yelled back, “yeah.” I heard her walk past my door. So, I slowly opened the door, and she wasn’t in the bedroom, so I slowly peeked around the corner and then went in. I could hear the noise downstairs. She must have been throwing in a load of laundry. I sat in the room waiting for her to come back up to help me with my shirt and deodorant. All I could think to myself was, oh my gosh, and I wonder what she has on.
I heard her come back up the stairs and into the bedroom. As she came around the corner, she smiled at me and set the basket back down. She had on grey leggings with a silk button-up pajama top. I couldn’t help but notice she had it buttoned far down. She says, “Todd, what shirt do you want on as she puts the deodorant on me” I found myself distracted once again. As she had bent over, I got a clear shot down her shirt. I gave her a little push so she would realize and stand up. She looked at me with a confused face. I just waved my hand as if I was saying forget about it. She grabbed my shirt and put it on me. I then thanked her. We made our way out to the living room; I asked her, “what show would you like on?” I had a feeling she was going to say criminal minds. Sure enough, she says, “Todd, are you telling me you forgot what show is my favorite?” So, I grabbed the remote and tuned it to criminal minds. The T.V was kind of static; the words were going in and out. Jennifer says, “There must be some lines down, that’s okay though. I’ve seen this episode before” she smiled & I laughed.
You could hear the wind howling outside; Martha was running around because she was so scared. Jennifer says, "Look outside! Oh my gosh!" I turned around and hopped back into my wheelchair; that way, I could be at eye level with the window. "Wow," I said. It was like a whiteout. It seemed to be progressively getting worse very quickly. You couldn't even make out where the street was, let alone even see my van in the driveway. I jumped up on the couch, and she sat next to me. She whispered, "I have a present for you."
I looked at her with a very surprised look. Trying to scramble through my brain about what the present could be. I said, "really? What is it?" Jennifer said to me, "just wait a few hours until after dinner, and then I will give it to you." I sighed, and she laughed because she knew I was not particularly eager to wait. She then says, "Speaking of eating dinner, want a snack?" I'm starving!" I said "yeah, I'll have something small" she walked into the kitchen and yelled back, "do you want some pudding or oatmeal, Todd?" I yelled back, "oatmeal". I heard her fumbling around in the kitchen. I then got up into my wheelchair and went into the kitchen.
She had made me some apple cinnamon oatmeal with a banana on the side. She made a peanut butter and jelly sandwich for herself with a banana as well. Jennifer says to me, "Oh hey, perfect timing! Let's eat" When I eat, I can only chew on the left side of my mouth. It's very hard for me to use the other side. I have to take my time when eating. Otherwise, it'll get stuck. I have to also eat in a certain order. This way, it goes down smoother for me. So, Jennifer starts feeding me, and we begin to chat again. She asks how I'm doing with staffing right now. I responded, "I'm okay, just wish I had more people, someone like you again." She says, "I wish I could come back here, maybe one day." I asked her about how her job was going; she's been a masseuse for around three years now. Jennifer says, "it's going okay, just tough because my hands and arms have been in a lot of pain." I responded, "oh no, I'm so sorry you really shouldn't do it anymore" "I know, I'm seeing a physical therapist for it now if it doesn't get better, I'm going to have to find a new career." I smirked at her because I always think about her coming back to work with me. She said, "I know what you're thinking over there." We laughed and continued to eat the rest of our food.
I went back into the living room and tuned into the news. I wanted to see what was going on everywhere else. The weather outside still looked the same, still terrible. Jennifer came in and said she was going to clean up the kitchen. I gave her a big smile and a nod. The news is having trouble giving updates because power is going out all over western New York. We can only assume the worst and hope for the best. A few minutes go by, and I hear Jennifer say, “Todd's kitchen is all set, and laundry is in the dryer now” I say, “thank you, Jennifer.” She comes into the living room and sits on the floor with me. “Whatcha, watching,” I say, “ the news, I’m trying to get some updates, but I guess there are power outages everywhere,” she said “ that’s okay, I’m really not worried about it as long as I’m here with you,” I said, “thank you, me too.” Plus, I knew I had a bunch of candles and flashlights we could use in the basement, along with plenty of food and water.
We could only stand watching the news for so long and worrying ourselves to death. But I didn’t know what else we could do. I looked at Jennifer and said, “I’m sorry I don’t have more for us to do here!” Jennifer said, “oh my goodness, Todd, stop. I  think I have an idea!” I looked at her like she was crazy, mainly because it’s a really good or horrible idea when she says that. So, I asked, “what’s your idea?” She says, “Well, since I know we’re going to be stuck here for a while anyway, I thought we could write something about you. Something about your life, your stories!” I’ve thought about doing this before, but I’ve never really asked anyone to help me with it. I couldn’t believe she was offering. So, I said, “are you sure you want to? You know it’s not going to be fast”. She said, “yes, I’m sure, I know that.” She ran and grabbed my laptop in my office; I was behind her, and I did print out my notes for my book. She said to me, “what are you doing?” I told her, “I have a few notes for my book.” She said, “wow, Todd. You are always thinking.” I had about 15 pages, it has forward and back writing on them. Then she asked me, “Am I in your book?” I said to her, “maybe.” Then I started to type things on my augmentation device. She told me, “I’ll look at your notes, and I’ll write things on here as you type them on word processors and correct some things.” She leaned up against the couch by me, and we started.
Well, I will try to remember and use my notes every time that I can. But some of the stories I will have to have other people explain. A lot of the stories in my life hold great meanings to me. Some may be good and others bad. But what’s life without the ups and downs? When I was around the age of 8, my sister had told me I was adopted along with her and my brother being adopted as well.  
Our parents were doing something because they were talking to an adoption agency; they were doing many papers like an application. They had to complete the home study process, attend agency-sponsored training and work with a caseworker to find an appropriate match. We had a lot of paperwork to do before we left. We were going camping on the Week of 4th of July in Maine, M.E.; we were planning to stay for a week because our dad had a week of vacation. The second day we were up there, they had gotten a call about you. Then I remembered mommy said to me, “we are leaving very early in the morning; I will put you and your brother in the car.” I remembered being carried to the car, and the sun had not even risen yet. Sometimes I was awake for a few minutes, and then I’d fall back asleep for a few hours. When I was awake, we were in the car for a long time, so I asked them, “where are we going, mommy and daddy?” They said we were going to Saratoga Springs in New York to see a new child. He was born on September 1, 1972, so he is only a little over nine months old, but we don’t have any information on him yet.
I remember them telling us the night before to be good, please. Maybe your Dad takes you and your brother out for ice cream. We continued to drive; they held hands and talked, but I didn’t hear them, then I fell back to sleep. When I woke up, my brother and I were in a double stroller. They were talking to a guy, and I heard them saying it was a young boy who lived in a foster home.
They had told us he has cerebral palsy; at the time, I didn’t know anything about it. He had also told us you couldn’t feed him out of a bottle because he isn’t capable of sucking on it. You’ll have to use a Sippy cup. He is a cute baby, but he will need a lot of special stuff over his lifetime. He told us across the street, and there is a campground; we are paying for your campsite so you can stay there for two days. I would like you to care for him for 24 hours to see if you want to adopt him. Suppose you choose to, then I will put your papers in to be processed. I looked at your father, and we both smiled and said, “Okay, sounds good.”
The guy called the nurse so she could bring him in the room, the nurse walked in the room, and she was holding you in her arms. She said, "Mr. and Mrs. Hutchinson, would you like to meet Todd?" We said yes and then went over to the nurse. We both couldn't get over how cute he was. The nurse said do you want to hold him? "I said, "yes, I would love to"! My brother (Chuck) started to cry, so your Dad took him out of the stroller. He picked him up, and asked, "What is that smell? We all giggled, and Sara pointed at Chuck. Your Dad asked the guy, where could I change him? He pointed at the changing table across the room.
When He was changing your brother, I had Todd in my arms, and he was laughing. I remember Sara asking your dad if she could come over to see you. He told her, you can, but please be careful around Todd; remember how you were with your brother? Be extra careful. She walked over to us and looked right at you. She then asked, "Mommy is this going to be my new baby brother?" I asked her, "Would you like him to be your baby brother?" she shouted, "YES." Then your dad and brother came back over as the guy asked if we had any other questions we needed to be answered. We didn't seem to have any questions or concerns at the time. So, our campground was all set to go, and we would meet with him again tomorrow at 2 pm.
We left the office, hopped into the car, and drove our car with the trailer attached to it over to the campsite. I knew your father was exhausted because he drove all morning so we could meet you. Sara came up to me and told me she was hungry, so I said I would start dinner as soon as we got a little settled into the campsite. Your dad had said he would get everyone ice cream once they ate their dinner. I could tell they both had big smiles on their faces. We pulled up, and I began to make the food, and your dad was setting up the trailer. I tried to keep Sara and Chuck as busy as I could to spend quality time with Todd when your dad was done with our trailer. It was around 6:30 pm, and he said it was time for ice cream! So, we went on a walk along the trails, saw the snack shop, and went in there. We got ice cream, and a couple more treats to have. We got back, and your dad was holding Todd in his arms; I could tell he was exhausted. He had told me I was going to lay down with Todd to take a nap. I told him I was going to play with Sara and Chuck for a bit and gave him a kiss on the cheek. After a little bit of time, I had gotten pretty tired myself, we all headed inside, and I locked the doors. I snuck into the room quietly so I wouldn’t wake Todd and crawled into bed.
Around 4:30 AM, Todd started moving around. I could barely sleep because I was nervous and happy at the same time. Your Mom rolled over and opened her eyes. She went to get up, but I told her to lie back down, and I had it covered. I picked up Todd, got his Sippy cup of milk and new diaper and clothes ready. I threw on my shoes and a blanket to wrap Todd in. I headed outside for some fresh air, and it was perfect timing because the sun was just starting to rise. It was very peaceful being able to sit there experiencing something new for Todd. Then the trailer door opened up, and I saw my beautiful wife coming out with 2 cups of coffee. She came over and said good morning to both of us. She asked me, how was he last night? I told her about how he likes to move a lot, but he was good. He slept almost the whole night; I just think he’s an early riser. We both laughed at each other. It was a lot to consider and think of, seeing as he is only nine months old.  We sat there and discussed what we should do. But what we are certain of was how happy we are that we met Todd. She asked me what I thought about adopting another child.
We adopted both Sara and Chuck without hesitation, but it was always the best decision. With everything we’ve gone through, I think we’ve done an excellent job raising them. The most significant factor we were worried about was the mental and physical disability he has. It was called cerebral palsy, which really hadn’t been talked about a lot throughout the U.S. Whatever we have been hit with, we have been able to handle it. We discussed some more, putting the whole idea of having a child with a disability aside and just thinking of him as an amazing child. We both feel like we can handle this, especially after spending the night with him we couldn’t leave him in the foster home. Whatever happens, I think we can give him a much better life than he would have here at the foster home. We agreed that we wanted to sign the papers. They had to do work with a caseworker to apply for a subsidy, if eligible. We were bringing your child home and completing at least three months of supervision, if necessary. We were finishing the adoption in court and contacting the agency for post-adoption services, as needed.
Anyway, Just in time, Sara and Chuck came out of the camper, asking where Todd was. They came over and sat with us while your dad made some breakfast and brought it to the table for us. It was about noon when Sara and Chuck each took a bath, and we gave Todd a small bath in the sink. Your dad was making sure everything was cleaned up and packed. We headed over to meet the guy back at the office; Sara and Chuck went into the toy room. We followed the man back into his office and told him the great news that we wanted to adopt Todd. We were there for a very long time filling out paperwork and talking to many people. I felt terrible for Sara because I knew she didn’t like to be alone for such a long time. I kept looking at the door, ready to get my other kids and tell them the great news. Finally, it was time to get out of that stuffy room. We opened the door to get the kids, and they ran over to us. We said, “here is your new brother Todd”! We walked back to our campground. Everyone was happy and cheerful, but as I held Todd in my hands, I knew my life was going to change for the better. Tomorrow we’ll head home and start our new life with Todd. 
That morning all those years ago is so like this morning. I revel in the memories for a few more minutes before I get out of my waterbed. My deliciously heated waterbed, did I mention? I got dressed. I go over to my computer. I've been keeping a few notes for myself because I want to write a book someday. When I finished writing my thoughts down on the computer,
Before I start to tell about my life stories, I would like to first write how my parents met and how we lived in a beautiful home. I would like to go back to years ago, So, my father met my mother. He was 18 years old. My mother was only 13 years old; they were dating, and he knew she was the right girl for him. In 2 years, he knew that he wanted to marry her, and he started building the house for his family. He was 20 years old, and he wanted his house built next to his brother's house, and on the other side of our house, we got a different neighbor. His job was as a truck driver on weekdays, and then on weekends, he would go to the house and work on it. It took him a couple of years, but they got married, he was 23, and She was 18. Their house was done; it took them five years.
Then they were looking to adopt a child, and they did; they adopted Sara when he was 28, and she was 23. They waited for three years to adopt another child, and they adopted Chuck. Then two years after that, they were bringing me home. I slept in my parents' bedroom. Anyway, the house was cool because my father built it with his two hands, and sometimes his brother helped him. Sara has the middle bedroom; it was a yellow room. Between my Parent's bedroom and my brother and I's bedroom, we shared a room together when I was a little older and knew how to crawl. We had bunk beds, I was sleeping in the bottom bunk, and Chuck was sleeping in the top bunk because bottom bunk because it was easy for me to crawl in and out of bed.
 We had a blue rug, so sometimes we imagined our rug was water and our bunk beds were a big ship and sometimes imagined we were fighting in the war. We played for hours; I love having a big brother, but sometimes he doesn't want to play with me, he was 7, and I was 4. Maybe he didn't completely understand what disability is, or I was different from him. I know that my brother wished that we could play sports together and bond like brothers. In our bedroom doorway in our bedroom, on my left side was my sister's room, then on my right side, it was the door to the basement. My brother thought that his bedroom closet was fantastic due to the slant that was the ceiling for the stairwell. Then looked up, there was the attic. They put Christmas stuff and things they aren't using for everyday things. That's the only place I didn't go into because it had stairs that came down from the ceiling and I could not climb.
Then go past my sister's bedroom and basement, go forward a little bit. In front of me, it was the bathroom, and it had a blue tub. I called it a blue room. Then to my left side of me, it was our parents' bedroom. I turned to the right side of me, and it was a hallway. It has a small closet on the left side, and it has neat stuff in there for the house. To my right side, there was a nightlight. Keep going to get off the end of the hallway that leads out to a living room; there was TV, couches, and a coffee table. The front door was on the side of the living room. The little room is sitting by itself, and it has a closet for our coats. Looking forward to me, there is a half wall dividing the living room and kitchen. The half-wall was long and significant to me because I was on the floor crawling around. Then turn left, and there is a dining room with a wall between the kitchen and dining room. The dining room was used for our breakfast, lunch, and dinner, but my sister and brother had homework from their school. They had to sit there to do their homework; some nights were long nights for them. On the weekend, we played board games in the dining room. Between the dining and kitchen were walls. The stove is the oven built into the wall. When I was sitting in the dining room, behind me was a wall. It had a hole in the stove. I watched my mom cook, and she is the best cooker!  I love spaghetti and meat sauce, sometimes I wouldn't say I like the dinner they had, but every kid is like that. Then look to the left side of the half-wall; it is another door to go outside. The dining room and kitchen floor was a green carpet with a diamond-shaped pattern in black color when I was waiting for my mom to give me a drink. I played a game in my head with the carpet, or when I crawled on it, I kept my hands on the diamond shape on the rug. In the dining room, there is a patio door. That goes out to the backyard with a black gas grill on a pole that runs off the gas from the house. They had the pool in our backyard, they took it down because we went camping for a week, and our neighbor promised to clean it, but they didn't. Plus, Chuck climbed the rails, and he was dangling over, so they ended up taking it down. Our water comes from a well in the front yard, and the water goes through a purifier system set up in the basement. We had good clean water provided; the well sometimes went dry, but we learned to save water. When we used the bathroom, we couldn't flush every time. Although we went number two and the toilet would begin to smell, we would have to flush. My parents added the garage, second living room, and second bathroom to our house. Anyways, I was always a happy baby growing up. When I was growing up with my loving parents and my sister and brother, one of the things I remember the most was seeing many doctors, which I don't like.  I have gone to many different doctors, especially for my legs. I have never been able to walk, but that has never stopped me from doing what I want to do.  I would go camping a lot with my family, which was always something I loved doing. 
I started school when I was three years old; I do not remember that school very much.  Around four years old, I had started using a bliss board with different pictures to help me communicate and express my feelings. It was hard at first, but luckily, I caught on pretty quickly because it was easy to use. I learned bliss symbols faster than anyone else because teachers pushed me to use them. I thought that was how people started. I used it every day because it was helping me. One day I can remember this; it was watching my brother and me because my dad was taking my mom to go grocery shopping, they went into the town of East Aurora, and I was five years old this time. Then my sister started to get worried because it had been a few hours and the snow was falling fast, and she couldn't see the road. She was only ten years old, and our parents said to her, "if you are scared or need anything, you can call our neighbor!" Then the telephone rang, it was our parents! They wanted us to go to our neighborhood for a little while. She said OK, to our parents, and the neighbor knows that you and your brother and Todd are coming over. So, she got us dressed and walked over to our neighbors. My sister had to carry me. My brother was playing in the snow, and the neighbor saw us coming. I had to stay upstairs with the neighbor, and my sister and brother were playing with their kids downstairs, but they would come to check on me, but I didn't understand what happened because I stayed there days and my dad's brother lives on the other side of us. 
We lived on the last road of Erie county, so our weather was a little different from Buffalo, N.Y. It was the storm of 1977. My parents, my sister, and my brother told me about the storm. In 1977 we had a lot of snow that year, and it was the record for the most snow in one season. Lake Erie was frozen over before the storm.  So the snow was sitting on the lake when we got winds averaging 45 with gusts of 75 mph. I remember that Dad was taking my neighbor and Mom grocery shopping in East Aurora, N.Y., but the neighbor's kids stayed home because they were a little older than my sister. The storm holds Buffalo's record for most snow in a short period, blizzard they called it. We stayed with our neighbor; we stayed at their house because Mom & Dad couldn't get home. They stayed at volunteer fireman Whiting's home.  Unsure why we did not go to Aunt Maureen & Uncle Don's?  The drifts in front of the house were as high as the telephone electricity wires & poles. Dad insisted we go shopping. Though we could beat it, Dad was helping those in need during the storm at the fire hall. 
Mom was stranded at the Whiting's, staying warm. I do not know what you were doing.  The blizzard of '77 happened on a Friday. Channel 2 just reported the story comes from the weatherman, a young man whose parents wanted to go shopping for groceries at the last minute got stuck in the car on the I 90. All year I thought that it was them, but it wasn't them. 
My mom said that our dad insisted we go shopping. He thought he could beat the storm but was unsuccessful. I was 5, my sister was ten, and my brother was 8.  Lost power at the end of the week. We played in the basement with my neighbor's friends.  My parents finally got home as they followed the plow home. We stayed with the neighbor for days. There were so many of us that we had slept on floors. You had to watch TV in the living room. That was the only television back then. I was not allowed to go downstairs with the other six kids because they were afraid I would slip or fall and how I would climb back up.   I sat on my rump in my house and could slide up backward one step at a time, but their steps were open, so truthfully it was scary to my sister, so it was better to be safe than sorry.   
I remember my sister telling me we had to scoop up snow in pots to fill pans with snow to melt for water. Towards the end, we were refined through the snowstorm; we watched each other and remained safe because no one went anywhere. We couldn't get to a hospital if someone got hurt, but we made it, and it was scary a few times. When the snowstorm was over, we had walked back to our home, and it was hard because the snow was over the power lines. We had to be very careful because We didn't know where it was and we had to step over it plus we were walking next to the roof of our house. Everyone helped to shovel the path for us, but a few weeks later, the snow melted, and everything went back to normal.
I will skip ahead a few years, so, when I turned eight years old, I would be changing schools again because my first and second school was closing the door, so I had a field trip to this new school called School 84.  I remember being very scared about starting at a new school, just like any kid is.  I was scared but knew I was going to be okay.
At this time, I have gotten very good with using the board, which helped ease my mind.  I would get very frustrated when new people could not understand what I was trying to say or express the point that I was trying to get across, aggravating me.  I told myself I would try to stay calm. These are all new people I have to get used to. 
The day I first went there, it was their last day of school.  When I walked in, it was a big school with a lot of kids around.  I took a tour of the school with one of the teachers and met a lot of people.  I got to see their gym, and it was so big.  They were playing foot hockey at the time, so I stopped to watch them.  A boy around my age walked up to me.  He said Hi, I am John. What is your name?  I had a nametag on, so I pointed to it.  He saw it and said, Oh, you are Todd, glad to meet you. 
I smiled at him, and then he started talking to me. I learned that he loves hockey; I knew my brother loved hockey too. He talked about hockey, and I knew nothing about it, but I listened to him because it was fascinating. After all, he told me everything about hockey and was patient with me. Since it is their last day of school, they get a lot of freedom to do what they want. 
They could play outside or play in the gym.  He asked me, "Do you know how to play hockey?" I said, "no," but I went over and showed him that I would like to try. 
He said Oh, you want to be a goalie. I said yes.  He said this to me, "Okay, you and I can play!" I want to see what you can do. 
So, I got out of my wheelchair and crawled to the goalie net.  Instead of using a hard puck, we used softball. This way, it is easier for us to play without getting hurt.  So, he got the softball and hit it towards me, and I stopped it!  Then he went to get 25 balls to shoot my way, and I quit 23 of them. 
I looked around; I saw a lot of kids looking to play hockey with us.  So, then we made two teams.  John wanted me to play on his team.  I think it is because he saw how good I was.  I did not understand at first why he came up to me and started talking with me. 
But I was thrilled he did because I wanted to play but did not know-how.  He made this possible for me, and I gained a friend.  We played a fast game because it was almost time to go home.
We played for about 40 minutes, and we won!  It was 4 to 1.  We got ready to head home; I thanked John for everything, hoping we could be friends. 
After that, it was summer vacation, and I was thrilled.  I had a very long ride home on the bus, and I was dreading it.  But I knew that everyone would be ready to go camping for the summer when I got home.  I told my older brother how I played hockey and played like the goalie when I got home. 
He was very proud of me and said we would play more so I could get even better.  We were leaving for camp for the summer that night, and I had 90 minutes left of riding. My parents had a summer home in Chautauqua Lake; my mother, sister, brother, and I stayed down there all summer, and my father would come for weekends.  He had to work a lot.  But then he would save up for his vacation time off.  We had a boat there; I have always been a little scared of the boat, but I would still go on.  We went swimming in the lake every weekend when my dad came.  We knew a lot of people there, which made it even better.
We considered them our family.  I had a sandbox down there that I was in 80% of the time.  I could never go anywhere by myself, so some kids would come there to play with me instead. 
Every night after dinner, we went on a walk together.  It was always very peaceful.  When we got back, mom or dad would start the campfire, and as long as we were good that day, we could stay up and sit around the fire.  We would cook the camp pie, which was one of my favorite snacks.  You would have two pieces of bread you put in the pie iron, then put the apple filling on one side of the bread.  Then you close the iron up and set it in the fire for about 5 to 7 minutes.  Summer always seems to go fast to me because I am always enjoying everything so much more. 
I love sitting outside, relaxing, and watching people.  Once I know my birthday is coming, I get sad because summer is almost done, and school will start again.  Summers at the camp house are something I have looked forward to every year, and I am so happy we have had that time together. Once school starts back up, I will have to wake up at 6 in the morning to get ready and wait for the bus.
I had an easy routine in the mornings; I put my socks on the night before because it was easy to do. So, I can throw away my underwear, pants, and shirt in under 10 minutes. Then I went to use the bathroom; at 6:15 am, I crawled to the kitchen to eat cereal. Then my mom heard me in the bathroom then she got up to feed me. It would take me around 15 minutes, and sometimes I ate a bowl of cereal. It does make me hungrier. When I am done with my breakfast, brushing my teeth and hair, when I am done with everything, I would go downstairs, get to my wheelchair and then wait for the school bus.  It usually comes around 7 am every day.  I was always the first one on the bus in the morning and then the last one off at the end of the day. I had a long ride each day to school; the bus drivers were very friendly to me.  She would take different ways for me so I would not get super bored every day.  I had about a 50 to 70-minute ride, only one way to school.  Then I had to do it again at the end of the day.  Then the school time was 6 hours long.  Once I got home, I would do my homework behind the couch, eat dinner, then go to bed.
My weekend was a relaxing time because I did not have to get up and rush.  I would get up before 8 in the morning on my own and watch Television.
Then I could go to the mall with my mom, and once I got home, I would play with my toys. A few times, I had company to play with me. I remembered the baby girl came over to play with me because my mom has a bowling friend. Mom's friend's daughter, we played with my toys when she was 4-year-old. Over time she grew up, and I didn't say anything because I couldn't talk and didn't know how to say it. Is it right to have some feelings for her over the years? Sometimes, I look back and say to myself, would it change my life if I said something?
Anyway, it was time to go back to school on Monday morning.  Being on the bus for so long had some negatives and some positives.  I liked it because I would see things I had never seen before.  I made the school bus my hangout because there were different groups of kids.  I wanted to watch everyone, especially one group in particular.  I watched them because it was interesting to me.  They were a group of kids that were deaf, and they would use sign language to talk.
I would always watch their conversations so I could understand sign language better.  But after a while, I could tell that they were mad at me because I kept watching them.
One day they gave me a hard time staring at them, so I signed, I am not dumb.  They looked at each other with puzzled faces, and they said to me, do you understand us?  I said yes.
They were in shock, and then they stopped giving me a hard time.  They knew it was hard for me to do signs with my hands because I shake a lot.  Then they started to let me watch them when they talked while asking me questions, and then I had to answer them back. 
I was grateful they let me into their group.  It made the bus ride faster because I was busy learning sign language.  Sometimes the bus would have to get more kids, which made the ride even longer.  But I did not mind anymore because I would instead meet new kids than go home and do homework.  So, I thought the school bus driver went to the high school to pick up a kid.  Oh, I was wrong because when the driver opened the bus door, an older girl walked in and walked by me.  I smiled at her because she was charming.  She sat a few chairs down from me, but I could still see her.
She had long brown hair with a dress on it, and I thought she was beautiful.  I signed the language to my friends, I said to them, wow. She is hot.
They all smiled and agreed with me. But she saw me do it and she said to me, thank you.  I looked at her with my mouth open.  I did not know she could see me doing that.  Then she said to me, and it is okay, you made my day!  I turned red on my face.  She told me, you are so cute!  I could not believe this just happened.  From then on, I learned that we got her every Tuesday and Thursday from the high school to take her home. So, I made sure that I was dressing nice because I liked her. She lived about 10 minutes away from my house.  Over time I got to know more about her; I learned that she loves horses, and she learned about me.  She was 16 years old, and I was only nine, but she understood me very well.
We became good friends.  We hung out at her house and mine, and I found out she has a horse. Maybe she told me that, but I didn't listen to her because I was too busy checking her out, I guess. I saw her horse, and it was beautiful, and I rode her horse, but I fell, and I hurt my foot, but I was okay. She has a little brother, plus she was babysitting that day; it was time for his nap, and she wants me to take one too. I was shocked and hurt by it, and I said no, and I was fine. Her brother didn't lay down; I told her, "you owe me." I went to his bed and laid there when he fell to sleep. When he was sleeping, I got off his bed, then my parents came to contact me, but she was the first friend of mine to go to my parent's house.  We got to know each other, and I was thrilled to meet a new friend like her.  
We've been writing for a while now, and we wanted to stop so we could eat lunch. Jennifer got up and stretched her back out. Martha was sitting on the top of the couch, watching all the snow come down. Jennifer said, "wow, I'm already hungry. Do you want lunch, Todd?" I told her, "yes, please! I need to go to the bathroom first." She said, "I am first!" I yelled, "nope!" We were wrestling around, trying to push our way to the bathroom. We were laughing so hard for some reason. Then she jumped on my back and pinned me down. She was sitting on top of me and was holding my hands down. She said, "What are you going to do now, Mr.?" I looked at her, and I started laughing more because I knew I could still move around. I just wanted her to think she was winning. I should probably let her win; why not. A beautiful girl is sitting on top of me. So, I "tried" to move around, but I couldn't. She said to me, "do you give up?" I said, "nope" She responded, "that's fine, but I need to go to the bathroom now! You can hit the floor three times, that way, you give up, or I might have an accident and go to the bathroom on you!" I quickly hit the floor three times; she jumped off of me and ran to the bathroom, saying, "I won. I won!" I said, "HEY! Why is my shirt wet!" She looked at me with a puzzled face; she said, "It isn't wet! Nice try, Todd; I won."
So, while she was in the bathroom, I got in my wheelchair and went into the kitchen. I splashed some water on my shirt, went back to the living room, and quickly got back on the floor before she came out. She came out of the bathroom, and she said, "What were you doing in the kitchen?" I told her, "I was drying my shirt off because of you!" She said, "Oh no, you were not; I heard the water running." I told her, "Come here so you can feel my shirt then" She walked over to me then I grabbed the bottom of her legs. I was trying to knock her down as soft as I could. I got her down, and I jumped on top of her so she couldn't move. She was wiggling around so much that a button from her pajama shirt popped right off. Now her pajama shirt is starting to open up even more. I looked at her to try and get her attention to tell her. She was still laughing when she said to me, "Todd, don't worry about it! I don't work for you anymore, plus I wore this pajama shirt for you." But I didn't really hear what she said because I was too worried about fixing her pajama shirt. I started to say something when she stopped me; "did you hear me?" I said, "huh?" She told me, "you are still sitting on me? What are you doing? Are you trying to undress me?" I told her, "NO! I'm not." She started laughing, and She couldn't stop. She said, "Todd, Todd! I am playing with you." I looked away, and my face turned red in my face. Then she told me, "Friends are for playing around and joking together. That's what I was doing with you!"
I said to her, "You are right. Do you realize I haven't gone to the bathroom yet? So, is it the same rule, right?" She laughed and said, "yes, Todd, I don't want to give up, But I will hit the floor three times so that you don't pee on me!" "I would like to do this again." She smiled. I said, "we will" then I got off of her and went to the bathroom.  When I got out, she said, "I am going to make lunch for us, and after lunch, I am going to shovel outside." I told her, "OK, sounds good."
While she was heating some pizza, I noticed I had some texts from boo. She texted me asking, "How are you doing? How much snow is at your house?" I responded with, "Hi, I'm doing good. Jennifer is here with me, and we are eating lunch now. I think around a foot of snow. It's hard to tell because of the wind." She sent back, "I'm glad she's with you; stay inside and safe. Love you" Jennifer said lunch was ready to eat. I went into the kitchen, and She started to feed me.
We always got pizza together, so it was perfect that I had gotten some the day before. She liked her pizza dipped in ranch sauce, but I liked mine in blue cheese. Then Jennifer said to me, "Oh no! I think that I broke a tooth off." I told her, "Are you OK?" she said, "yes, Todd, it is a fill-in because I got half of my tooth in front and on the side. It isn't anything because it happened a lot." But I didn't understand why her tooth broke off because the pizza was soft. As we started eating again, I noticed her pajama shirt was still opening, and I didn't know what to do. I had already mentioned it to her, but she seemed not to be worried about it. So, for the time being, I didn't say anything and tried not to get distracted. She said she was ready to get back to writing, so she went and grabbed the computer and put it next to her at the table. I told her, "don't get that gross ranch sauce on my computer Jennifer!" she gave me a dirty look and a smack on the chest. We laughed, and then we got back to writing.
Then, Jennifer asked me, why did they think you were hard of hearing? I feel like your hearing is fine.  I will tell you my story; they have everything there every new school year, so every year, I got a hearing test, eye test, and saw a doctor there.
When school started, I had to go to the hearing test room area because they had a hearing test system. 
Every time I went to get my hearing testing done, I was not too fond of it because I had to wear a thing around my head, and my mouth kept moving to hear my movement.  Plus, I had to listen to deep sounds that were both high and low. 
When they made a noise, it would stay in my head, and I thought I heard it.  I would tell them when I heard it, but I was wrong; they did not make the noise.
So, they thought I had a hearing problem because I could not read and did not hear my teacher.  They wanted me to wear hearing aids, but I was not particularly eager to wear them because they hurt my ears and gave me a headache.
When I told them about it, they thought I did not want to wear them, and they were right.  I thought my hearing was the same, so I tried to turn it off.
Someday it worked because I wore it, and everyone was happy.  I still had pain, but no more headaches. On the weekend it was the best because I did not wear hearing aids and it was relaxing.   Sometimes on Saturdays, I would go to the mall with my mom.  She liked to go to the mall to find good deals, but I loved to go to the mall to watch people.  Then Jennifer turned her head around and said, Todd, people watching? Come on, and I need the honest Todd!  I said OK, so she deleted what I said about people watching. She put in boys watching instead.  Then I yelled at her, saying I was watching girls, not boys!  Jennifer replied, "I am happy that you like girls and not boys because I was scared that you might.  Before she gave me a bite of pizza, I said to her, after we're done eating, I will put you in the snow for that. We both laughed.  She gave me a bite of my pizza and took a bite too.
Jennifer asked, where were we? Wait, wait, I know where. I was going to the mall with your mom for shopping and boys watching. She turned her head and smiled at me, and I said to her, you are so cute, but no, I wasn't going for boys watching! I went with my mom to the mall because I like to look at everything and girls watch.  My mom pushed my wheelchair around the mall as I sat and watched everything going on around me.  If we did not go to the mall, I would play with my toys.  I had my own space to play in; I would play for hours and hours all by myself.  If I did not feel like playing by myself, I would go downstairs and watch my dad play with his trains.  He has about 200 miniature trains; he played with them only on the weekends. When the weekend was over, I had to go back to school.  I had to wear my hearing aids again, and I was happy to get my headache back.
Some days, I would forget my hearing aids at home because I felt they were not a part of me. When I remembered them, I got on the school bus, and I tried turning them down or off.  The problems started because the school had a swimming pool.
A teacher would take my hearing aids, and one day a teacher asked me, why is it off? But I played dumb because I did not want them to know that I turned it off.  Well, a few weeks went by, and I heard the same question every week. 
The following day, my teacher asked me to come to her to see my hearing aid and turn it on. 
I wasn't a happy person; by lunch, I took my hearing aids out and gave them to the person feeding me for lunch because I did not want to listen to 300 kids talking.  I ate enough food to feed three people, and they thought I would get sick, but I did not because I was a hungry person!  I had not eaten for 6 hours at lunchtime, so I ate my lunch like my dinner.  After lunch, I was happier.  When I was done eating, someone would put my hearing aids back in my ears before going back to class.  I had my hearing aids on, but I still didn't hear my teacher.  No one knew why.  I was looking at the teacher when they were teaching a class, but I was doing poorly in the class because I was daydreaming a lot and I was bored.  After weeks went by, they tried to do different things with me, but I was unhappy because my schedule wasn't the same.  They wanted me to do more Physical therapy, Occupational therapy, and Speech, but I thought it was a joke because I was not learning anything exciting.  When it was time to go to P.T. or O.T., I loved it and hated it because I knew them, but when they heard that I wore hearing aids, they gave me a hard time.  They would talk to me without their voices to make me feel hard of hearing.  When I was done with P.T., O.T., swimming, art class, workshop, cooking class, and my classroom, I went to Speech and waited because I had never been there before.
There were four rooms for the Speech teacher and side rooms for the hearing tests, so I waited for a door to open.
I waited for a few minutes, and then a door opened, and I saw my new teacher.  She said Hi, Todd. I am Mrs. Grill, come to my room.  I did, and we worked on my picture board.  She knew I had a lot to say, but I needed more pictures, so we worked on it every time I saw her.  She took her time with me, and she knew my old teacher, Mrs. Saran, so we sometimes worked together, and she would always give me candy.
Then one day, they wanted me to try something different, so I went into Mr. B's classroom, a harder classroom for reading.  When I was in the reading classroom, he gave me a book to read that he wanted everyone to read for 15 minutes.  He opened the book for me, and I tried reading it, but I could not read it, so I started to cry.  Mr. B saw me; he came over to me and sat next to me.  He asked me what was wrong? And I tried telling him that I could not read it. 
He told me to take the book and said, I would like you to answer ten questions for me, and then he told me to go to room 120 next period.  I said OK, he let me leave a little early, so I went to room 120. When I was there, I saw a woman sitting at a table as I went into the big room.
She said, "Hi, I am Mrs. J; I am going to help you with your schoolwork.  I heard that you have hearing aids", Here we go again. I asked myself my dumb hearing aids. I asked myself, "Is she going to do it as the therapist does it?" no voices!   I said Hi to her, and I said yes, I do.  I loved it when others would read to me. When someone else read to me, I would listen to it and put myself in the story. I answered Mr. B's questions without any problems and went back to his classroom.  I saw that he was busy, but he saw me outside his room waiting.
Everyone was looking at me and asked if I was OK. (because when the students are sitting outside their classroom. It meant that you were terrible in his classroom, but I wasn't, I was waiting for him to be done, but no one knows that so,) I said yes.  Then Mr. B came out of his classroom and said, Hi, Todd.  I said Hi back to him.  He saw that I had his book with his questions done.  He took it off my lap and said, "Thanks, Todd." He asked me to come into his classroom, which was full of older kids, and I was a little scared, but I went with him.  
I sat on the side because he was busy, and I had no idea why I was there.  He looked at my paper with his questions, checked my answers, and said, Stop reading, everyone. You may leave now.  I took my picture board, and I showed him the picture. I am sorry.  He asked, why are you sorry?  You do not have to be. I know you would have waited out there until I was done.  No worries, but I am going to tell you something. Today was a test.  I looked at him, and Mrs. J came in while we talked, but Mr. B continued, I know you can't read, and I am sorry I put you in my classroom without information; I wanted to see something.  These questions I gave you were last week's questions. I am looking at them right now, and your answers are the best I got.  You might need some help, but you have a high I.Q., and we have to find a way to get it out of you.
Jennifer said to me, "You have to have a high IQ." I told her, "I think not because the next story is my problem, and I feel like I am dumb and I can't read, talk, and I use the pictures board. Jennifer said to me, "You aren't dumb, and I think that you are so smart and handsome." She said, stop that, and can we go back to writing because I want to know why you think that you are dumb. She gave me another bite of my pizza, and she did too.
We went to write, and they think that I have a high IQ because I understand everything, but When I meet people or go somewhere, my problem is when I meet new people, I can't remember their names. I saw a lot of people come in and go out of my life, but I can remember their faces without a problem, but I just wasn't good with their names. Sometimes I gave them a nickname, but I would know their name if I saw them a lot. I can take you 100 ways to go from my house to School 84, but if you ask me to tell you the name of roads to take, I wouldn't know, but I can show you with no problem, and I can read a map no problem.
Before the computer came out to my world, I had a book with pictures; it was sometimes a joke because I didn't use it when I was home or camping with my parents.  I went to many places, and I remember going to a house, and they were cooking the lobster and eating it, but my dad doesn't like eating it, but my mom loves it. So, I could call them lobster people because I didn't know what to call my Grandma, Grandpa, and Uncle. Over the years, I learned they were my grandparents and Uncle. They are very friendly and giving people. They moved away because my grandfather loves big boats, but my mom doesn't like to go on the boat. She did go on it anyway. My dad bought a boat to take over the summer. When we were camping in summer, they would come up for a week or two weeks to stay with us.
I remembered one summer, my Grandmother liked to get up at 5 am. She likes to go to get coffees, doughnuts, and newspapers for our grandfather.  One morning she took our dog for a ride. Well, their car had a flat tire. She was 2 miles away from our campground, around 8 o'clock.  Later on, everyone heard a lady, and she had a dog with her yelling. Everyone was awake in the campground by her and helping her. Then my mom said, "There is our dog!" And she saw her mother was walking forward to our traitor, she was yelling about me walking 2 miles, and she had to tie up two shirts together so I could walk the dog. Our dog was so thirsty, and she didn't stop drinking the water; everyone was giving our dog water. 
Then my Dad, my Grandfather, and my Uncle went to get their car and fix a flat tire. My Grandmother was tired that morning, but she kept going through the day. A few hours went by, and my grandfather came back driving his car and yelling at our Grandmother.  But at the end of the day, we were sitting around a campfire, and we were laughing about it.  
Another time we went up to see them, I remembered this one because my dad drove the green truck. I woke up in the back of the truck, and we had a very long ride ahead for us. They left early in the morning because they were hoping that we would sleep halfway. We are going to Newport, Rhode Island. I remembered there was little light outside, then my mom turned around and told me to go back to sleep. I tried, but I couldn't, but I did lay down for her, but it was hard for me because it was different, exciting, and something new.  
So yes, I was excited. Then a few hours went by, and I did go back to sleep. It was a long ride, but I thought I was in a different world when we got there! I saw my grandmother, Grandfather, and Uncle again.  I saw where they lived. We also visited my grandfather's boat. Oh boy, it was huge; he took us for a ride on it. We went fishing too. We got a haddock, took it back home, cooked it, and ate it. It was so good. I love lobster, too; they still all ate lobster too. I saw them a few times out of the year, but sometimes I didn't see them for a few years.  
Sometimes my uncle came down by himself; he would take me, my sister, and brother to movies and take me on walks. He would buy me candy when we were walking. Sometimes I rode with him because he would joke around with me. When I was with him, I had a fun time with him. He took me on a ride, and he wanted to make it entertaining and scary. It was difficult because he took it the wrong way; he did that for 20 minutes, then he said, "I am lost!" I looked at him. Then he asked me where to go, and I had no idea because I was not driving. He was, but he wanted me to tell him where to turn. I looked at him like, are you crazy? He was patient with me, I knew that we went around a circle a few times, but he didn't care because we had fun, but I found a way to go back to the campground. He took me out of his car, and he fell on the back of my shirt. It was wet because I was scared, but he said to me, "good job, kid! I want to do it again" I said yes to him. He took me out a few times before he went back home to Newport, Rhode Island. I am looking for them because they were fun people and a little crazy, but they made me laugh.
When they weren't there, I had many people in the campground at Chautauqua Lake, N.Y. Every year, we went there; my mom, sister, brother, and I stayed there all summer. My dad would come on the weekend or if he had vacation time. It feels like our second home to us.  I always felt it was like a second family there because I know everyone. It wasn't easy to meet new people there because I couldn't go around the campground by myself, but I would meet people through my parents or siblings. My parents had a group of friends there and would hang out over the whole summer. Their names were Mr. & Mrs. Barrett and Mr. T., and they would always play around and joke with each other. They had a fun time every year; I had fun just sitting and watching them. Mr. Barrett & Mr. T like to go fishing every morning at 5 am. They tried to get my dad to go with them, and Sometimes He did go with them. But that was too early for him, mainly because of work. They would go after dinner too, and I called them real fishermen. They would keep fish, and for a long time, I didn't know why. Every Saturday, for dinner, they started a campfire at 4 pm. They wanted the fire hot. Oh my God, they made the best fish fry. It was so good. It was one of the best foods I ever had. Then I stayed by the fire that night.
Sometimes during the day, I would get out of my wheelchair on the ground to move around. It was never for far distances. But it felt good not to be in the chair as well. I had a friend that always gave me candy every time I went to see them. I loved it. When the summer is over, Mr. & Mrs. Barrett and Mr. T come up to visit us at our house for the weekend every February. I was 12 years old, and they were visiting us. When they got to our place, they had something for me, I couldn't believe it, and it was a power wheelchair. I went to sit in and drive it around. It was big, but I thought it was awesome, and I was excited. I felt almost like I had felt for the first time, and I could go everywhere I wanted to. I drove it around my parent's living room. I hit a few things, but it was my first time trying one. I remember my family had a big smile on their faces.
I asked my parents if I could take the power wheelchair to school on Monday, they said yes, I could, so I drove it all weekend, and I was excited. When Monday came, I took my awesome power wheelchair to School 84. I drove down to my classroom; teachers and therapists were having a cow because they thought the power wheelchair wasn't safe for me and too big for me. I drove it for a day, and they didn't want me to come back to school with it. I am sad and upset because it was a gift from my friends. They wanted me to have little freedom. 
When I got home, I was crying, and my parents said to me, "I know, I know, Todd." Then they told me, "we are taking it to Camp Chautauqua, then you can ride around there." I was smiling again, and my dad put my power wheelchair downstairs next to his trains. So, when I went downstairs with him, I could ride around when he played on his trains.
Then Jennifer looked at me and asked me, "why did you say that you are dumb. Maybe you don't know this, but everyone isn't good with new names, and maybe it is easy for us because we can say it or write it down somewhere, but as you were 12 years old and I know that you were taking a lot of information plus they don't know it." Jennifer moved her chair out from the table, and she walked over to get our glasses. She gave me a drink, but I was so distracted because she was in front of me, her shirt was open, and I couldn't do anything. Then she said to me, "ok Todd, I don't want to hear from you that you are dumb. You aren't! We wrote about eight chapters, and each chapter is more information for me because I don't know half of this stuff about you, and I am happy that I am here with you." I said to her, "I am glad that you are here with me." I was talking to myself again, honey, you don't have an idea what you are doing to me. I don't know why you are wearing 90% nothing on. Does she know what she is doing? She must because I know that girls are brilliant and they like to play around. I didn't understand why then I heard that she was calling my name. "Todd, Todd." I was looking at her; she was waiting for me to open my mouth for a bite of pizza. Then she said to me, "I would like to keep writing because I want to know everything about you." I said ok to her. Before we went back to writing again, Martha jumped on the back of my wheelchair. She was lying behind me. Then Jennifer said to me, "she knows who her manager is." I told her, "I am hoping that she is happy, and I'd do anything for her." Then she walked on the arm of my wheelchair, staring at Jennifer. Then Jennifer moved forward to her so Martha could smell Jennifer. I watched both of them, but I kept my eyes on Martha because I didn't want her to fall, but she did jump off a few minutes later. Then Jennifer said to me, "she is a perfect cat!" I told her, "Thank you.    
Now we are writing about your uncle, what happened? I said to her, "you can read the notes I have." She read the notes I had when she told me, "Oh my God!" I said to her, "I know, and it was a sad time in our family." Then she said, "Well, when did it happen?" My uncle had a business, and he had an alarm company. It was in the summertime." We stayed down at our campground over summertime because of no School, and our mom didn't work, but our dad went back home on Monday morning. It was very early, so he had to go to work. He was a very busy guy, and he worked Monday through Friday, then Friday night; he would come down to stay with us over the weekend. He didn't mind doing that because he does everything for his family; he didn't care that we stayed at the campground with our friends. It was an odd day.  
It was Tuesday or Wednesday, and our friends asked us if we would like to go on the boat with them because it was a scorching summer day. So, my mom said yes to them. So, we went on our golf cart to meet them, we went there and went on the boat. They took us on a ride, and they stopped the boat, so we could go swimming and eat the snacks; it was late afternoon. We rode back to our golf cart then we got off the boat. We got in our golf cart, went ahead up to our tailor, and saw our dad there. We thought he took a vacation day because sometimes he does that. Then my dad came forward to my mom. He was sad, and he wasn't himself. We knew something was wrong. So, he asked his daughter if she would take Todd and your brother for a ride around the camp for me." the last thing I heard, he said to our mom, "I would like you to sit down." I was too far to hear. Sara took us for a ride around the campground, and it was long. She did that for our dad. 
When we got back from our ride, our parents took us to the trailer. I was scared because my mind works fine and sometimes, I overthink things, now I am thinking about his job. Did he get fired, or did something happen to our home? They sat us down, and they said to us, "we need to tell you something." They told us, "your uncle fell 12 feet down from his business; he is okay. But he is in a hospital, and he is paralyzed from the waist down." It was a tough time for us and my mom because he was her brother. She didn't go down there because her parents said not to come there because there was nothing you could do here; our grandparents said to our mom, "we are going to the hospital every day, it is going to be a long chapter in our lives, and he is doing good." She listened to them, but every day they would call her for an update on her brother.
My mom didn't talk about it too much, but I know she is worried about her brother. Weeks went by, and months passed by; he was still in the hospital and doing a little better each day. He had gone to therapists for dressing, getting in a wheelchair himself, and taking care of himself. Before he went home, I heard my mom talking to her friends, "he is doing well, and he is going to therapists every day." Few times, he would call my mom to ask her if Todd did this and that, like putting his pants on or pulling up his socks. She said yes, he does. He said to his sister, "I am going to do it too!" I feel that my uncle respects me, or I am a role model for my uncle. It took him to do things, but It might be easy for him because he might say to himself, "Todd can do it. I can too." 
It had been a long time since I hadn't seen my uncle; it had been a few years since I saw him. But one morning, when we were at our campground, we saw a silver van sitting next to our trailer. No one knew who it was, and our parents went outside. They walked up to the silver van, they saw that a man and woman were sleeping in there, but they saw that the van had a wheelchair lift. They walked back to the trailer and enclosed the trailer door, and they said to us, "our grandmother and Uncle are here."
We were excited when they told us, and I saw my grandmother coming to the door because the trailer had a glass door, and my parents were in front of it. Grandmother opened the glass door, and she walked into our trailer; she said to us, "we are here, and your grandfather is coming. He stopped at the hotel." My mom hugged my grandmother because she was happy to see her, and it had been a very long time since I saw her mom. I listened to our grandmother talk, and she said that the ride was very long, and He didn't want to stop at the hotel because it is easier to come here to sleep in the van.
Our uncle is still sleeping, grandmother hugs my sister, my brother and me, our mom was getting coffee for our grandmother, and my dad went to bring extension cords for our uncle's van. Our grandmother told us that his van is a hotel for him and He wanted to see everyone, and then she heard our uncle. She has to help him. In the afternoon, he came out of his van because he had to take a bowel movement. It took him a very long time to go, but when I saw him the first time, I was happy to see him again. He was the same to me because he was my uncle and I loved him. Always he said to me, "Hi, kid." Then my grandfather came from the hotel, and they stayed with us for a few weeks. But a few days went by; uncle and I were bored, so we played checkers every day till he left to go back home.
I was sad to see them go, and I don't know when I will see them again, but I know that my uncle isn't crazy about driving because it was a long ride for him, and he was paralyzed from the waist down. He has to make sure he doesn't have any red spots around his paralyzed area because if he does, he has to stop driving and lay down for hours or days. If he had a cut opened in his paralyzed area, he had to lay down for weeks or months. If the cut opens very badly, he has to go to the hospital to stay still until the cut is healed. My uncle learned in the past years how to take care of his body very well.
Our house isn't a handicapped house, I had to park my wheelchair in the garage and take my shoes off, and I put myself behind on the stairway, then I'd have to climb the stairs to get in the house. It wasn't hard, and it had a rug on it. I feel safer when I am doing it than when I have to leave and climb downstairs. That was the easy part; I thought it was my workout for the day when it was dinner time. I sat in a chair, they fastened me down because they didn't want me to fall, but when I learned how to sit, they didn't fasten me down. The only time I saw my wheelchair was when I went to school and shopping with my mom. I thought that I was not a disabled person, but everyone thought that when I went outside my house.
I don't know why they think that because I am in a wheelchair. I crawled around the house and learned to go to the bathroom myself. Years passed by, my dad built the wheelchair ramp at our home, so my uncle came to stay with us for a little while so his parents could have a little break. They did come to our house when I heard that they wanted to move back here, but they want to live in Chautauqua. It took them months, but they found the right house for them.
They found the right house for my uncle because it has all the ramps going into the house, and it has a wheelchair shower for him. So, on September 1, 1988, they closed the house, and we helped them unpack.  We go there every holiday and stop on Sunday night from the campground because it was in the direction of going home. When my parents are having a closing up party at our trailer, sometimes it is bad weather, or they are having a party for the end of the year. I sometimes stayed with my grandmother, grandfather, and Uncle for the weekend. I had fun there, and my grandmother gave me a banana split in the morning, and my uncle watched TV at nighttime. Sometimes I turned on the playboy channels, and he said, oops, to me, I forgot you were here, kid. We laughed about it when it was bedtime. It was my call when I was going to bed by myself. 
My grandmother got up to make sure I was comfortable in the bed; well, I was, then she took my socks off. I wouldn't say I like to take my socks off at nighttime because it is an uncomfortable, cold bed with naked feet. Oh my God, and I can't go to sleep very well. The following day, I was up early; she didn't understand why I was up. She asked me, "why are you up so early? I showed my feet. She said to me, "no one goes to sleep with the sock on." I wanted to say to her, "I am a grandmother." So, my grandmother fed me breakfast, got dressed, and put my extra socks under my pillow for tonight. Then I went to my uncle's bedroom and watched TV with him while getting ready for the day. When he is done, we are going out for the day. We rode around and shopped all day, then we went back home for dinner, but I was hoping my mom would stop in and check-in, so she could tell her that I do sleep with my sock on, but she didn't. That is fine because I knew I put my extra sock under my pillow. We ate the dinner that my grandmother made when we were done. My uncle went to his bedroom to get ready for bed, but it was only 7 o'clock, but we watched a few movies that night. When it was time to go to bed, my grandmother got up and took my socks off again. She closed the door behind her; it was very dark in the room, but it took me a little while, but I did put my sock on in the dark when I was done with that. I went to sleep, and I slept in; it was 10 a.m. My grandmother said good morning to me and said, wow, you slept in this morning when I showed her my feet. She saw my feet, and she said, you did put your socks on this morning. '' I said to her, "yes, I did." I didn't lie to her because it was after midnight. I went to bed, so it is morning time anyway. My parents came on Sunday for dinner, and we had to go home because the next day I had school. My mom told my grandmother that I do sleep with my socks on.   
When I was going home with my parents, I had fun with my grandparents and Uncle, but they ate odd food, but they knew that I didn't eat it, so my grandmother made spaghetti out of a can and ice cream. When I was riding home, I said to myself, I am thankful for my parents, grandparents, and uncle because they saw me as a person, not a disabled person.  They had help from 2 teachers, Mrs. Saran and Mrs. Grill, and they were the best teachers who did anything for me.  They were brilliant and caring people, and I don't know what they saw in me, but they made my life better because of their hard work.
Before talking about them, I have to go back to 1984 when my computer teacher introduced me to an Apple System Computer.  In two months, I learned everything about that computer.  Whenever I was around computers, I watched others use them, and I learned to use them without reading the book or taking a class.  When they added a keyguard to the computer, I could use it, but only for a word processor or to play games.  They wanted to see how fast I was writing, but in a few weeks, I was bored because I was copying something off of a book and then putting it on a word processor.  Then I learned my favorite thing in the world, which was a spreadsheet and numbers. 
Oh my God!  It was the best thing they did for me because I saw how numbers worked.  Then my teacher even began coming to me, asking me questions on how to use the computer and spreadsheet?  She was amazed that I had picked up all of this information within such a short amount of time.  I had Mrs. Saran, when I started School 84, she was a teacher who helped with reading. 
She held me back a few years because she liked to feed me candy, and I was her favorite person.  She was working on many projects, and she always wanted me to do them, and I did because it was cool and crazy.  When we met with Mrs. Grill, we would work as a team, and I got what I needed, but they knew I was smart in different ways.  They heard about what I did with the computer, so Mrs. Saran used the computer, and I watched because she wanted to try something. 
I learned faster with hand over hand, watching her, and being read to.  She told everyone about this, but no one listened to her.  She knew I was not an expert on war and President stuff. She didn't know why, but she wanted me to go forward with computer stuff.  So, my speech teacher, Mrs. Grill, thought of an idea that might help me more than the picture book.  She had given me a Touch Talker to try out.  I thought this was a joke and that it would not assist me because it was programmed already.  I had trouble remembering their new program because all of their pictures had totally different meanings to me.  There were 144 keys and about 10,000 words in Touch Talker.  To resolve the issue, we cleared out the memory from the device.
After that, my teacher and I put a system together for only me using pictures that I was familiar with.  We came up with pictures that I could associate with words and phrases so that they could understand what I was trying to say.
When we first put this system together, my teacher thought I was trying to put the pictures to words, but she listened to what I was trying to do and did not judge what she thought the outcome would be.  We worked on it for months, and we had a few mistakes and problems, but when the program was complete, the A.A.C device was ready to go.  I could not believe I was actually going to be able to talk!  I was in awe, and my speech teacher started to cry. 
When I could take it home, my teacher gave me a hard time because she thought I would break it or not use it. 
I laughed in my head because no one knew what I did on the school bus; I learned sign language, made friends, and met nice girls.  I got approved for a few months, and when I was on the school bus, I played with it. I found a bug in the device, so I turned it off, waited a few minutes, and then turned it on, and it worked fine.
The following day, I wanted to find the bug before I was at school.  I found it and remembered it, so I turned it off.  I was headed to the classroom when I turned it back on.  I asked my teacher if I could see Mrs. Grill, and the teacher asked me, "why? Did you break it?" I felt like she had no faith in me.
The teacher let me go down to see Mrs. Grill, and I showed her the bug, so we called the company.  They said, "yes. It is a bug in our system," and then they asked her how she found it.  They said, "Because you are using it a lot, you found the bug," but she told them, "no, I didn't, Todd did." They gave her a code to take the bug out, and she did it in front of me for me to see.
A few weeks went by, and I found more bugs in the system since I used it every day, so Mrs. Saran worked on something more for me.  She wanted me to use the computer through my device.  We worked on it for months.  It had many cables and a T Tam that would help my device talk to the computer.
When it was all working the right way, it was awesome!   I could write a word faster; I could write letters independently.   What used to take me 90 minutes now only took 30, but we still had a lot of work ahead of us. Over the years, I have had a few good teachers, a few bad teachers, a few people who changed my life, and a few people I can remember like this happened yesterday.  When I was 14, it was a new school year, and I got a new teacher.  I went to my classroom, and I said "Hi" to her, and a guy was there.  I knew him because he helped in Mrs. Saran's classroom in past years, but I was uncomfortable in the room, and I didn't know why.  I had her for the next five years, and it was the most extended five years I had.  She wasn't nice to me; I thought she was a rude teacher.  So, I called her Mrs. Rude in my head.  The guy there was her helper and our aid; He loved joking around every minute, so I called him Mr. Joker.  I have about 50 stories about Mrs. Rude and Mr. Joker.  She would yell at me for everything.  I had a power wheelchair, and she would tell me to turn my speed down. 
Sometimes it couldn't move because I had to turn it down too far, so when I was outside of my classroom, I turned it up so that I could go with people's pace.  Then, I came to my classroom and turned it back down.  Then I got yelled at for taking too long in the bathroom.  I said something on my device, "Well, my power wheelchair goes slow, and there was a line for the bathroom, and I needed to make a bowel movement." She didn't like what I said.  Months went by, and I knew my very best friend was in the hospital. 
Without feeling, Mrs. Rude told me that John R. died today.  Mr. Joker sat with me, and I cried.  I went through my school schedule, but everyone was sad.  It took days for people to get back on their feet, and my mom took me to the funeral home to say goodbye to him.  I went to school the next day; it was hard, but I knew he wanted me to keep going.  But I stopped playing hockey at school for a few months, only playing when they had no one to play with them.  The next day was a horrible day with Mrs. Rude, and my parents didn't know what she had done to me.  My school schedule was busy.  I would remember my daily schedule so I wouldn't have to go back to my classroom to see Mrs. Rude.  In the morning, I went into the classroom, and it was a swimming day.  She yelled at me because I wore pants, not sweatpants, and I wore a swimming suit with weather sweatpants, which she wanted. I wore pants and a shirt, plus I did wear a swimming suit under my pants. I heard her yelling at me through my hearing aids for a few minutes.  I didn't talk back to her, and I had my device in front of me. 
I didn't use my device the way she wanted; she wanted me to say good morning to her or ask questions through my device.  Well, it was a problem for me because I knew the device in front of me, but I had a voice too!  I could say hi, yes, no, and I don't know.  She wanted me to use my device 100% of the time, but I didn't want to say good morning to her.  So, I said hi using my voice every morning because I knew it would piss her off.  I loved my device, and I did use it, but I didn't use it around her because I didn't want to talk to her.  I listened to my parents; they don't tell them if you don't have good things to say to people.  I didn't have anything nice to say, so I kept quiet.
When she was done yelling at me for wearing the pants, I had to go to class.  I went back to my classroom for 45 minutes before the swimming class.  When I was in Mrs. Rude's class, we were doing the math, and 25 minutes had gone by when she got a call from the office.  After she left, a paper ball landed on my lap.  Mr. Joker threw it, and he wanted it back.  I said, "no!" He said, "Come on." So I threw it back to him, and we did it a few times before Mrs. Rude walked back into the classroom and saw me throwing something at Mr. Joker.
She said, "TODD! What are you doing?" I looked at her and said to myself, "Oh shit!" I was starting to use my device when she said, "Go swimming." We went swimming, and it took me 3 minutes to undress, plus I was waiting for them to get ready.
Mr. Joker put me in front of the swimming door.  Mrs. Rude saw me ready and waiting for everyone, but she said nothing to me.  I loved to go swimming because I could move my body around and walk around.  When I came out of swimming, I was the last person to get out of the pool, and I was the first to leave the locker room.  I saw Mrs. Rude waiting outside the locker room door.  When Mr. Joker and I came out of the locker room, Mrs. Rude stopped us and said, "Go to the office to see Mrs. Tonner." She was the principal of our school; I never went to the principal office before, but I know Mrs. Tonner. She is a good lady, plus when we see each other, we say hi. So, We went down to the office, and Mr. Joker knew I was afraid, and I started to cry.  He said, "Don't worry, Todd!".  Then Mrs. Tonner walked in the room, said hi to both of us, and asked us what was going on.  We had no idea where she was coming from.  She said to us, "I heard that Todd threw something at you!" Mr. Joker said to Mrs. Tonner, "Excuse me, you got it wrong. Mrs. Rude walked in when he was throwing something. because I asked him; to throw it to me."
Then, he turned his head to me, as he was still talking to Mrs. Tonner, "I was joking with him, plus he had a horrible day. I am helping him throw." I was crying by then. Mrs. Tonner said, "Don't worry, no one is in trouble, and I'm not calling your parents.  Oh, Todd, thank you for crying, so it looks like I yelled at you." Then we left the room, and Mr. Joker asked me to come over to the side for a minute.  He went on his knee and started to talk to me, "Hey Todd, I'm sorry I made you throw it to me when you said no.  You were right, and I'm very sorry." I smiled at him, and then I went to Speech followed by lunchtime.  When I was going to Speech, I was talking to myself like a crazy person.  Before I got to the Speech area, I stopped myself and told myself to relax.  Then, Mrs. Grill saw me and asked, "Are you OK?" Before I could answer her question, I heard a knock at the door. Mrs. Grill opened the door, and Mr. Joker was there.
He asked me, "Are you OK?" Mrs. Grill asked him, "What happened?" He told her what happened because he knew she had worked with me for years.  Then I told them, "I don't want to go back to my classroom!" They did what I asked, and when my schedule said I had free time, I went to different classrooms each day until the end of the year.
Then Jennifer looked at me and said, “Oh my God, I’m sorry, Todd! She was a rude teacher; I wished that I knew you when you had Mrs. Rude. I would have run her over.” I said to her, “Yeah, don’t worry about it, because it is in the past now, and everyone has dealt with bad teachers their lifetime.” We licked our plates, were done with our lunch, and looked outside, and it was not nice out; you couldn’t see anything. Jennifer said to me, “I am going to wash the dishes, then grab the clothes out of the dryer. Then I have to change my clothes outside. I want to shovel a path in case there is an emergency. And I know you are disappointed because I’m changing my clothes.” I said to her, “why am I disappointed? I want you to change outside because I don’t want you freezing or getting sick.” She said to me, “Oh Todd, you are so cute!” Then she gave me a big hug. Her arms were around me; her body and I were next to mine. Plus, her pajama shirt was open, I could see everything, but I was trying to look away. I don’t want her to know that I can see her naked body. When she was done hugging me, she said to me, “Can I leave the dishes for later?” I said, “sure,” then she went downstairs to grab the laundry out of the dryer. When she was downstairs, I had to fix myself. Then she ran upstairs and went to my bedroom. She yelled for me to come there. I went to my bedroom; I saw her without a pajama shirt, but her hands covered her breasts. She said to me, “I’m sorry for looking like this, but can I wear some of your clothes?” I said to her, “You don’t have to be sorry, and yes, you can wear anything you want. She said Thank you. I went back to the living room, so she had her space to change. I wondered why she wanted to borrow some of my clothes when she had brought two bags full of stuff with her. When she was done in my bedroom, she walked in front of me and said: “Look at me, I’m a model!” I was laughing too hard, and she was too. She looked like a walking marshmallow! Especially after she put on her coat. She made her way out the door to shovel. You can tell the snow was very wet and heavy by the way the shovel was moving. While she was doing that, I went to use my cellphone to text my friend Bill. I said, “Hi, how are you doing? Are you home?” He wrote back, “I am fine, I’m stuck at work, and I can’t leave until this storm calms down and the roads clear up a bit. Are you OK?” I texted him back, “I’m so sorry you are stuck there. Yes, I am fine, do you remember Jennifer?” he wrote back, “yes, I do.” I wrote him back, “She is shoveling right now outside of the house. She came here this morning. She’s been playing with me, and her pajama shirt has been open. I can see everything. I’m trying to look at it a different way, but I like it...” He wrote back, “wow! Good for you; I would keep doing what you are doing. If you are playing dumb. Keep going with it, lol.” I wrote him back, “I will, thank you! But I need to take a cold shower!” While I was texting Bill, Martha was running around and playing behind me. I love watching her because it’s very amusing. Just watching her makes me smile. He wrote back to me, “Lol, good luck, brother!” I deleted the messages before Jennifer could see them. I jumped on the couch to look out the window, but I couldn’t see Jennifer! So, I jumped off the couch, and then I jumped in my wheelchair. I went and opened the door, yelling, “Jennifer, Jennifer!” She was trying to shovel the snow, but She couldn’t do it because it was falling too fast and too heavy for her to do. I told her to come to the house. She yelled back, “I’m trying” as I saw her at the end of the ramp, she looked like an abominable snowman. She was trying to get up the ramp, but it was so windy out she was trying to hide her face. I told her, “run straight!” she tried to book it forward but almost fell. I started to laugh, but I didn’t think she was laughing, so I stopped. When she got in the house, she was full of snow on her. I said to her, “Hi, showgirl! Are you OK?” She tried to laugh, but she said to me, “I am freezing and wet!” I tried taking her shoes and coat off for her, but it was hard to do with the snow everywhere. Then I took her to the bathroom, and I got a few towels out for her. I said, “You are freezing and wet; I think it isn’t a good idea to take a shower or take a bath. Throw your wet clothes in the bathtub, then put a towel around you.” I came out of the bathroom and closed the door behind me; I went to sit on the couch. As I was waiting for Jennifer to get done, I watched some T.V. A few minutes went by; Jennifer came out of the bathroom, her hair still wet, and she had a towel around her body. I know she was still cold by the way she was standing. But she went to the kitchen to get the laptop, then she asked me, “Do you want to cuddle with me?” I said to her, “sure, if you want to.” On the couch, I had a few blankets waiting for her. I like sitting on the right side of the couch because I don’t have perfect control of the right side of my body. That way, it helps me to stay still. She said to me, “can you look at the window for a minute.” I said to her, “sure.” I turned my head around to the window. Then I heard something drop on the floor; she got a blanket. Then she started to lay in-between my legs. She put the blanket on top of us but under her arm so she could use the laptop still. She said to me, “OK, you can turn your head around.” When I am turning my head around. I saw she had a blanket around her, and I felt her hair was wet and cold. Her body is leaning on mine. She said, “You’re really warm, Todd” I saw a towel on the floor. Then I looked at Jennifer, and she smiled at me. She said to me, “are you OK? I could get off.” I said to her, “I a-m fine! I just want you to be warm. But can you lay forward for a minute so I can get more comfortable here?” So, she did. As she leaned forward, I saw that she had a blanket around her. I got more comfortable than I told her, “You can lay back down now” She did; she did turn her head around and asked me, “are you comfortable now?” I said, “yes.” We smiled; She said, “OK, why do you have a “stay late school program” for your next chapter? I said to her, “when I was dealing with Mrs. Rule, I had to find myself to have fun.”
I was tired of doing schoolwork, and I had to run around between classrooms. When I was going to my classroom. I was thinking to myself, and I need some fun too because I am going to school, going home to do homework, eating dinner, and going to bed when I was going classroom to classroom. One day, I was passing by the lunchroom, then I stopped and looked in. I saw people in the lunchroom, plus they were setting up something. I went to my classroom; I asked my teacher what was going on in the lunchroom. Mrs. Rude said to me, "That is a late school program; how come you were there?" I said to her, "Well, I went a different way to come here because it was busy the other way you wanted me to go, and I had only a minute to go from point A to point B. I couldn't stop using the bathroom. If I'm not here on time, then you are going to yell at me! Excuse me; I need to go to the bathroom." She let me go, and the lunchroom was on the way there. I slowed down when I went by the lunchroom when I was done using the bathroom. I did go by it again. When it was time to go home, I asked Mrs. Rude, "how can I join the stay late school program?" She said, "Well, your transportation hasn't been approved yet, and they have a waiting list to go in; there." So, I was starting to research a few of my questions, so I went on the school bus. I asked an aide on the school bus." Is their school bus going to deaf school after school?" she said yes to me when I said Thank you to her. Then next, I found out that a couple of my friends stayed late for an after-school program on Tuesday and Thursday at my school. I was upset; I couldn't go because my school bus transportation system did not approve of it. So, I did fight it, and I knew that the transportation went to deaf school to get a person from the after-school program. I said to myself, why can't I go? I know why they didn't want me to go after school because they had to put aids on the school bus for me. Well, it took a little over a month, but I finally got it approved. When I heard that it was approved, I was so happy and excited; I went to it in November. Oh my God, I had no idea what was going on, but my good friend was there. He told me about hot helpers before he told me that I found a beautiful helper. Oh my God, and I had a device in front of me. I knew she was looking at me, but before my good friend said anything, I heard only "Todd, Todd." I looked at him and smiled at him; I went back to what I was looking at before. He said to me, "what are you looking at?" I said to him, "Oh, nothing." He said, Todd! I turned my head around to look at him again. He said to me, "Are you looking at the long brown hair and odd clothes she is wearing." I said to him, "Oh yes! I am." Then he told me everything about her before she came over here, I listened to him, and I was a little shy. She was coming to our table, and I kept laughing. She was at the end of our table, and she said hi to everyone. Then she looked at me and asked me if I was new here. I used my device, "yes, I am. She said, I thought so, and my name; I Liz; I am your helper for today. "I said to her, "Glad to meet you." She said to me, "M. Doo, do you want me to feed you?" I said yes to her, and she did that for me. When we are done eating, we go to the Gym to play. It was so fun for me because it gave me a different environment, and I could hang out with my friends, and I did meet nice people over the years. We became friends, and we joked around during the late school program, plus we got to know each other outside of the program. I went out to dinner, camping with them, I got to enjoy a concert with them, and I asked a special person to go to prom with me, and she said yes but we were good friends, nothing more. I got a ride on the school bus with my friend. He was a deaf person, but it was more fun for me after a long time. I got home at 6 pm on these days I stayed over. When June came, we had to say goodbye. It was hard, so Liz and I got to know each other because we became good friends. She gave me her information so we could talk over the summer, we wrote a few letters over the summer. The stay-late school program ran for about four years; I did see Liz next fall. I was helping her out. I was watching the kid. They were everywhere, but we didn't talk to each other because we didn't want them to know we were good friends. It was Halloween week; it was time to watch movies. Before the movie started, Liz came over to me. She said to my ear, "get out of your power wheelchair, and I will sit next to you." I said ok to her. I did what she asked for. I was sitting on the floor; she came up to me when she sat in the back of me. She said to me, "lay back on me." I did what she asked. I was very comfortable because I was lying on her. Then next week was her birthday, and I wanted to take her out for her birthday. So, I asked her to go to dinner with me, and she said yes. So, she came to get me. We went to Red Lobster, we had fun, and we stayed there a few hours before she took me home. We talked a lot and laughed; I was thinking, is it the date, because I took her out? I stopped thinking about it because I was with Liz. When she brought me home, she hugged me and said Thank you.
When she left my home, my parents said, "She is gorgeous." I said yes, she is to them. I saw her every Tuesday and Thursday, and we were talking, joking around, and helping her out of the year. Summer came, and I wrote to her; I didn't get any letters from her. So, I waited until fall to stay in the late school program, and I saw Liz! She was leaving; I yelled for her, she stopped and turned her head around. She came next to me, and she told me that she isn't working anymore and I wish that I could talk to you more but I can't. I'm sorry. Few months went by, and it was the last time I heard from her and saw her. I was glad I was at the right place at the right time when I saw her because if I didn't see her when she was leaving, I never would have known why she wasn't there when I came to stay in the late school program. After the school year, I was sad because I felt that I lost my best friend and it wasn't the same anymore, when she was here and when I saw her. I was happy, and she made me feel like a person because she made me feel good about myself; I know it is her job to help me. I can't help it that I am a caring person and like to listen to their problems. Maybe she got fired because of me, and they thought she was more than her client. I said to myself, "people can meet other people, they can meet their job, their bank, and everywhere you can to meet people. I think it is wrong that people can't be friends; I can see everywhere people meet on their time. Why can't I? Do they think that just because I have a disability that I'm only their client?" I am a person too, yes people have jobs too, but we see each other weeks, months or years. We get to know each other, we build relationships, and we laugh, plus having a good time. Out of the school year, I did meet more people in the stay-late school program. I made sure that I was their client when they worked, but few people wanted to hang out with me after their job. I understand why their job doesn't want them to be friends with their clients because It will be harder to do your job. Then Jennifer looked up from the laptop and turned her head so she could look at me. She said to me, "that was why I needed to stop working with you; it wasn't money anymore. It wasn't hard working for you, but I like our friendship, and I can get a different job. Likes your friend." Oh yes, my friend, I think he is so, so lucky. She asked me, "How did your friend meet his wife?" He has cerebral palsy like me, but his cerebral palsy is different from mine; he can't control his body. He has to be tied down in the wheelchair because if He isn't tied down, he can hit people, but He can't help it.
I got a few shocks from him in School 84, it hurt, but I knew he couldn't control it. He went to a different school and graduated high school. He couldn't talk, so he used a device similar to the device like mine, but it is for other companies. He needs staff to help him with what he needs like me, but one day he got a new staff member to help him; yes, he was her client first. Over the years, they became best friends, then-girlfriend and boyfriend, and they got married. She did stop working for him because she knew that it was no, no, at her job, so she asked for a different client because she fell in love with him and wanted to stay with him. Then Jennifer said to me, "I'm sorry, Todd." I told her, "why are you sorry." She told me, "because." I did stop what she would say because I knew that she cared about me, and she was sitting on me without clothes. It expresses itself; I am glad she is here with me, and we are writing the book together. Then I looked into her blue eyes, and I said to her, "I would like to keep writing because I have a lot to say, and I would like you to know everything about me." Then I gave her an Eskimo kiss. She said to me, "Oh Todd, I am glad that I am helping your book, and I am learning about you each chapter, and I don't care if we're stuck in here for a few days." Then she Eskimo kissed me back. Then she said to me, "Let's write a few chapters before we take a small break.  
Our campground let people have a golf cart to ride around, but I had a power wheelchair there from Mr. & Mrs. Barrett, and Mr. T. gave it to me years ago. It was the best thing I had, but it started breaking a lot because the road had rocks and holes. Mr. T. tried to fix it for me, but the battery was dying out fast. So, my parents bought a golf cart for me to ride around; it was blue. Sometimes my sister, brother, and my parents took me to ride around a campground. When it was sitting there sometimes, I was sitting on it and daydreaming I would drive it because it was the car to me. It was a battery-operated one, and it had to charge each night. When I rode with them a few times, my sister and my brother hit things like potholes, and one time I fell out of a golf cart, but when I was with my parents. They let me take the wheel from them. End of summer, I was driving my parents around the campground. On my birthday weekend, I watched my dad helping Barrett; he bought a new golf cart for himself. Then Mr. Barrett turned his head around and looked at me, then walked forward. He sat next to me. Always I thought Mr. & Mrs. Barrett and Mr. T. were our families because they did everything for us. When he was sitting next to me, I thought he wanted to sit for a minute or two. Then he said to me, "can you go on my old golf cart for me?" His old golf cart had an odd color because my parents and Mr. T. gave it a paint job. It was light green and pink. I always said yes to him. Then my dad saw me getting off our golf cart. Then my dad asked me, "What are you doing?" Mr. Barrett said to my dad, "I asked him to go on it." Then my dad said to him, "Oh, OK. "Then Mr. Barrett said to me, (I can remember his words to me because it was manful to me and he was putting the key in the golf cart) "please be careful and Happy 16 Birthday Todd. Please wait for a few minutes. When I say go, I want you to go!" Mr. Barrett asked my dad, "Is it OK for Todd to take back your place?" My dad said OK to him. Then he said, G.O., GO Todd! Well, I listened to what he asked me to do. I went off with myself. My dad knew I could do it myself, but when my mom saw me with Mr. Barrett's golf cart all by myself, she yelled my name. Todd, Todd, I stopped with no tomorrow, and she asked me, "WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" I know she was in shock and scared. Then my dad came in his golf cart. He said to her, "It is OK because Mr. Barrett gave Todd his old golf cart for his birthday." Then she told me some rules on it, I can't go on big hills by myself, and no one can ride with you if you don't know them and stay around for now. I was so excited and sad because I had about five weekends left for a campground close to winter, but it was my birthday weekend, and I got more independence. I went around the campground myself and stopped at people's houses I knew. I was so happy because I had the freedom to go anywhere. I rode everywhere I should; I was coming back to our trailer and saw the camp owner truck was there. I stopped then went around the campground again because I was scared. They could say that I couldn't have it; I can't drive it myself because I don't have any control of it. Well, I need to go to the bathroom. I went back to my trailer to go to the bathroom. I went to the bathroom then my mom stopped me. She wants to tell me that this weekend is a busy time of year for campers because it is the holiday weekend and your birthday, so I want you to be careful. That was all she said to me, and I was shocked. I said OK, mom. I jumped on my golf cart; I was going down on my street trailer. To my knowledge, the man was waiting on the side road, and I stopped by him because it was Jake. Oh my God, I knew him all the years we were camping there. I saw him, but I didn't know about him, but every time I saw him, He would say Hello to me. He asked me Let's go ride with me, and I said sure because everyone knows him, and He was in his upper 70s or 80s. He wants to go everywhere; I thought it was fine because my mom said no big hill by myself, but She didn't say anything about another person sitting by me going on the big hill, and he was Jake. I thought I was breaking the rules because I had another person in the golf cart with me, and we went everywhere. When I took him to his trailer, I went to my trailer. No one was there, so I went to Mr. Barrett's trailer. I saw my parents were there; I did go down there, then my mom came to me, and she said to me, "I am glad you took Jake for a ride." She didn't say anything else about what I did. I had my birthday party at Mr. Barrett's, and the people I knew were there. I had the best birthday; I did ride around the campground before my parents put it on the charger. The next day I was waiting for my golf cart to get done charging. It wasn't until the afternoon, but it was fine because I knew it would still be OK at nighttime. I took Jake rides, and he helped me on hills. Then I am starting to imagine golf carts on road golf carts because the golf cart is the right size for me to drive. I'm not too fond of big cars; I told my parents about my idea, and they did laugh at me, but I can't wait for next summer so I can ride around the campground with my golf cart. My dad took our battery out of the golf carts every winter; the first winter was long because I was excited to go to drive my golf cart. But in October, I found out that I was staying with my grandparents and Uncle for ten days. I didn't know why I was going there; I knew that I would be missing many school days, and I wasn't happy with that because I was going to miss a lot of schoolwork. My dad couldn't take care of me these days because he had to leave for work before 6 a.m., and he didn't get home until after 6 p.m. So my mom tried to put me in a respite home for ten days so I wouldn't miss too many school days, but they couldn't because the day had already filled it up. I had to stay with my Grandparents and Uncle. 
I wished that it were summer, so I wasn't missing any days of school. It was in 1989, so the cell phone wasn't born yet. No computers were in homes yet except for only the wealthy people. They have a computer in their house. I would like to have the computer one day, but we only VCR. It tapes recordings off the T.V., so I can get to watch it later or watch it a few times. I stayed there before on the weekend but not for ten days. I brought a few tapes with me, and I was 17 years old. My grandparents only liked to watch the news all the time.  I wasn't into the news all day, only if something happened. I am watching it but not over, over and over. When it was time to go there, my parents stayed over the weekend, and then they were leaving me at my grandparent's and my Uncle's house. When my parents were there, I watched football games. While watching T.V., I heard my mom say she was going to California to see my sister. My mom said to my grandma, "I can't wait to be a Grandmother." I turned my head to my mom then she looked at me. She said to me, "You are going to be Uncle!" I was so excited, and I said to myself, "I am going to be Uncle, I am going to be Uncle. That's wild!" I went back to watch a football game; I was still thinking about my sister and having a baby. We had dinner, and my parents talked to me about being a good boy for your Grandparents and Uncle. So my Mom and Dad had left me with my grandparents and Uncle. I stayed with my Uncle all the time in his room. We watched T.V. We stayed in the morning. It was a little vacation for me. I was relaxing, but a few days went by, I was getting bored there. So my grandmother likes to go to the restaurant at 6 a.m. then she will get newspapers for them. When she gets home, she will feed me eggs, doughnuts, and a banana split. It was lunch, too, when she was done feeding me all that. She said to me, "go watch T.V. and VCR," so I crawled to it and I heard my grandmother laughing about something, I don't know what. I waited for her to come with the videotape, and she said to me, "I rented a movie for you." I said OK to her and smiled at her. She said to me, "You have to keep a promise with your Grandfather and your Uncle and not tell your parents." She put a tape in the VCR, then she took her finger to the VCR then pushed play for me, so I watched it. It was very different and interesting because it was my first time watching that type of movie; I thought it was a risqué movie. So she rented more movies for me; I watched every movie she got for me. I thought the first movie was manful because I felt like she was starting to trust me not to tell my parents.  I have to say those movies helped me learn about birds and bees. Maybe my grandmother thought it was time for me to know everything, and I was 17 now, why not. So days went by I heard telephone rings, it was my mom. She told my grandma that my sister had a baby.  Yes, she had her baby on Halloween day. It is my favorite holiday because people dress up and have fun. So my grandma told me that my mom was coming home in 4 days. I was a little excited. After all, I missed school because all my friends were at school. Plus, I don't do anything with my friends when I am out of school. So I kept what I was doing at my grandparent's place, watched risqué movies, went shopping, and played checkers with my Uncle. Sometimes we played for money.   It made me more excited, and they tried to keep me busy until my mom came. It was a long last four days in my life because I was ready to go back to school and see all my friends. I didn't love my grandparents and Uncle; I loved them with all my heart. I wanted to go back to school and keep myself busy. When my mom came to get me, she stayed over for the weekend. She showed me pictures of my niece. She was a beautiful baby; everyone was happy and excited, but I was a little sad because I wanted to see my niece. It was Sunday after dinner, we went home, and I took a bath and went to bed. I was excited to go to school to see all my friends. When I was going to school every day, I was counting days for spring, but I was thinking of painting it the color red; maybe it would look like a sports golf cart. When spring came, I was a happy person. Over the summer, I rode a golf cart around, and I took Jake for rides. Everyone said Hi to me when new people were camping there. I loved it because they looked at this guy riding around his golf cart; they didn't know I had a disability. When they said Hello to me, I said Hi back. A few years had gone by, the battery from the golf cart was getting old and dying faster. It was Christmas morning, and Uncle called our parents. He said to them, "open my Christmas card." They did what he asked, and it was a check to buy a new golf cart for our family. So, when spring came, they bought a new gas golf cart. Everyone was excited, and I was very excited because I don't have to wait for it to charge for me to drive it. Parents put me in a new golf cart. I had a problem. It was too big for me to drive; I couldn't drive it. I was sad, my dad put a battery in my golf cart, but he said to me, "next year, you have to buy six batteries for your golf cart." I said OK to him. I am riding around the campground; I was coming back from my ride. I saw my grandparents, and my Uncle was there, so I went over there and sat next to them. My Uncle said to me, "Do you want your birthday present early?" I said sure to him. My parents said to him, "no, You don't!" Then my Uncle said to me, "Next weekend, your parents, you, and us are going to a golf cart place and buying a golf cart only for you." I was shocked and excited and crying. I was excited all week long; Saturday came, and they did take me to meet my grandparents and Uncle at a golf cart place. They had about 100 golf carts; there may be more, then my Uncle said to a guy, "I want a golf cart that is best for my nephew." When he talked to the guy, I felt like I was getting a new car because it would be mine, and I felt like a little kid getting a present. The guy let me try it out, and everyone asked me if I was comfortable in it. I said yes to them. I have to wait for two weeks to get it. I said to myself, Oh my God, two weeks, and it has been two weeks. When we were done at the golf cart place, we went back to the campground. My dad put me in my golf cart. I went for a very long ride by myself, thinking of what happened today. Then I said to myself, "I am going to have a new golf cart." I said it about ten times, and I was down at the beach the campground has. It was my favorite place to sit because I could watch the water and watch the girls go swimming. I stayed there for hours, but I stayed as far back from the beach as I could, and they could see me. All they know is that I am a guy sitting there and watching. They didn't know who I was, no idea I was a disabled person who couldn't walk and talk. A few times I wished that I could talk, and I didn't take my device on the golf cart because my parents said no, and the device cost a lot of money. So, I couldn't meet new people, but a few times girls said Hi to me. I did say Hi back and smiled at them, and I couldn't do anything else. When I got my new golf cart, I was so happy and excited. I wanted to paint it yellow because it was different and I wanted to be different in the campground. Everyone thought it was cool when I took my yellow golf cart down to the beach. Oh my God. Girls came over to see it, and they wanted to take a ride on it. I said NOOO! Then a girl went over my ear, and she said to me, "I will flash you." Then I looked at her, then she said to me, "I promised." I said to myself, "why not! She is a very hot girl." I said yes to her, she walked over and sat next to me. I put my foot on the gas pedal, and my golf cart moved about one foot. I put my foot on a break, then she said to me, "that wasn't a ride." I was laughing, and I said yes to her. Then she said to me, "You are brilliant and cute. Well, I promised you a flash." She went to kneel on the golf cart floor, and then she did flash me. I looked at it, and I said to myself, "wow, it is awesome." Then I looked up to the girl, and she said to me, "you can touch it if you want." I said no to her. she said to me, "sure?" I said yes to her, and she went off her knees. She kissed me, and she said to me, "you are an extraordinary guy, in a good way." She got off my golf cart; I stayed there and watched her and thought about a flash. I said to myself, "she is a very nice girl, and she has a nice body. I never put my hand on a girl's body because I wanted it to be special, and she offered to me." I was starting to go, and then she was running at me. She was swimming, so she was wet. She asked me if I was leaving. I had difficulty saying yes to her because I watched the water running off her body, and my mouth was dry.  Then a person from the campground that knew me called my name. Todd, Todd, I looked around to see who was calling my name. she said to me, "Oh, you are Todd." I said yes to her. Then she said to me, "Glad to meet you." I said to her, "u 2." She smiled at me. Then a person came over to see me; he was the guy next road over our campground. He asked me if he should ride up with me, I said sure to him. Then the girl said to him, "I got only a foot out of him." Then I was laughing, he said to her, "Yeah, Todd do that, so I ask him to take me to a place, so he doesn't do that to me anymore." She said, "Oh, I see now." He jumped in my golf cart. Before we left, she said to me, "please find me; I am around the zoo area. Maybe see you after dinner." I said OK to her, and then she kissed me on the side of my face. I smiled at her then I started to go; when I was driving, the guy talked to me. He asked me, "if I was going to see her after dinner?" I turned my head around to look at him, and I said yes, I am to him. I went to his campground to drop him off, and then I went to my campground. My mom was cooking our dinner, half an hour. So, I stayed in our trailer, I was thinking about her and the flash I got from her, and I knew that I couldn't tell anyone, but I knew that I was going to see her after dinner. The dinner was ready, and my mom was feeding me my dinner; then I saw her walking around, she didn't stop, but I knew she saw my golf cart. Now I can't stop eating my dinner and going to find her. The dinner was long, but it wasn't because I was done in 20 minutes. Before I left my place, I made sure to go to the bathroom. Then I jumped in my golf cart, and I went down the road from my campground. She was waiting by the end of the road, and then I stopped my golf cart. She jumped on my golf cart, I took her to my favorite place in the park, and we watched the sunset. Then she said to me, "I know that we met a few hours ago; I think you are adorable, and I wish that we could get to know us a little more, but I am leaving tonight, so I want to say GOODBYE to you and here is my number." I did nothing, I looked at her, and I was holding her. We were there for about an hour, and she was sitting on me and holding me. Then she had to go, I drove her to the campground, and I left. I went up to the exit. So, I could see her last time; it was about an hour before they came. I saw their car, and the car stopped on the side of the road. Their parents let her get out of their car, she ran over to me. She gave me hugs and kisses, then she said to me, "Please call me." She went to her parent's car, and they went away. I did some riding around thinking about her.  
Then Jennifer said to me, “Are you thirsty?” I said yes to her. She told me, “well, me too. Hey, before I give you a drink. I have a question. Did you call her?” I said to her, “I didn’t.” Then she asked me, “why?” I told her, “because I can’t talk and I hate the telephone.” Then she said to me, “Oh Todd, Oh Todd. She was into you.” I told her, “I know, and I wished that I did. If I called her, then I had to let someone talk to me. That made me uncomfortable, but I thought about her for a few years when I was camping there.” Then she put the laptop on the floor, and she got up from the couch with the blanket around her. Then she saw Martha lying on her towel on the floor, but Martha was lying on her towel; I watched and laughed at her because Martha doesn’t like to move for anything, but she did when I moved a little bit. Then she got a towel, then She went to the basement door and opened the door; she threw the towel downstairs, and then she turned her head around then looked at me and said to me, “I will be back.” She went to the kitchen to get us drinks; she came with drinks and my special cup. Before she gives me a drink, she wants my shirt off because She isn’t good at giving me a drink. So, she helped me take my shirt off. She was giving me a drink, but I was wearing my drink due to her not being very good at it, but it was OK because if she was going to clean it off my chest. I know she likes to wipe my chest off because I watched her lip; she was biting her lip. Then she was done wiping my chest off; she asked me, “Do you want your shirt back on?” I asked her, “Are we going back to cuddle and continue the writing?” she said, “Yes, we are!” I said no to her because I was boiling when we were cuddling. I was sitting in the same place; she turned around, so her back was in front of me. She had her blanket around her then She was sitting back where she was sitting. She then put the blanket on top of us again, but under her arm so she could use the laptop still. All I can think about is how she has only a blanket on, and I have no shirt on. Then she said to me, “I would like to write 3 or 4 chapters, is it OK?” I told her, “sure.” Then I put my arm around her. She turned her head around and smiled at me, then we were writing again.
I had a few years left for school, and I got a new teacher, Mr. B. I was shocked because He is the reading teacher, and He is the principal too when the principal is not at school. Now he is my home teacher, and I was scared because I learned about him over the years. He doesn't play around; when a student is bad, he makes them sit outside his classroom, or he makes them go to the principal. Now I know why other teachers asked if I was OK because I was waiting outside his classroom; they thought I was bad in his classroom. 
He never put me outside of his classroom or the principal's office, but we had our days. Sometimes we wouldn't agree on something, but we still worked it out, sometimes I was wrong on some things, and I did apologize to him. He said to me, "I am your teacher, but I want you to learn everything you can, and sometimes I am going to play games on you because I want you to learn how to handle it." I said to him, "OK, can I play too?" He said to me, "Yes, I can because you will help me with what you are thinking." We were playing with each other, and I was doing better in his classroom over months. I was working on the computer more, using my device more, and being happier. 
I am still going to stay in the late school program too, and I was a busy person when I went to summer school for two years. It doesn't mean I was behind on schoolwork or being bad at school. Sometimes I loved it because they had field trips every week, fun, and saw my friends, but they asked me if I wanted to go a third year.  I said no to it because I learned I missed being outside, and I missed driving my golf cart and going to the beach. 
When I was with Mr. B. I learned that the Graduates are going somewhere; I had three more years left of school because my birthday is September 1, so school started after my birthday. I was thinking that I was going to graduate when I was 20 years old. So, the students can go on a trip to Toronto or Washington D.C.; the first year I was in Mr. B. 's classroom, I didn't go to Washington D.C. with them. I was only 18 years old, but I was on the list if a student backed out. No one backed out, I was a little sad, but It was OK because my home teacher went to Washington D.C. with them. I have my schedule for the week, but it was relaxing. Graduates' trip was every May, the week before the holiday weekend, and then June was prom and then Graduation. Next May came, and they were going to Washington D.C. again. Mr. B. wanted me to go, and Washington D.C. worked hard so I could go. 
They were going for five days when he told me that I was going to Washington D.C. I was excited; we were leaving Monday morning and coming back Friday. Before leaving for the Washington D.C. trip, my mom took me clothes shopping and helped me pack for the Washington D.C. trip. I went to bed early; I couldn't sleep because I was so excited. Monday morning, I had the same schedule, dressed, ate and waited for my school bus. I went off to school; I was always on time because I had a good bus company to take me to school and home. I was at school a little earlier; they were a little shocked because they knew I had a long ride, but they changed their bus routes for me because they knew that I was going on a trip. I was glad they did it for me, so I had little time to go to the bathroom and eat a doughnut. 
They were 2 hours late because our long bus had a problem, so we had to take two small school buses. Now they had cut us into two groups, and it was an odd number. We had nine students, but five students were in power wheelchairs, and four students could walk, but they were taking extra wheelchairs for them. The two buses were harder, they had four wheelchair places, and the wheelchair lift was in the back of the school bus, so they had asked them if it was OK riding in a wheelchair. They said yes, then they had to call their parents, and they approved it. They were hoping to have a long school bus because the wheelchair lift was in front of the school bus, so extra things were put in the back of the bus. 
Now they can't, so they got a van too. We were ready to go, but they had a little problem. No one wants to sit on the back of a school bus, and then I said to him or her, "I will." They said to me, "are you sure? It is a very long ride to Washington D.C." I said yes to them. We were on the road after 11 am. I know that some students couldn't take the bumping from the potholes that the school bus ran over. I know that I can, I'm not crazy about it, but I know my body. We stopped at a few places for eating and the bathroom, and I was looking everywhere I could. I knew the driver was watching me because some people had fallen to sleep. It was a 14-hour ride to get to Washington D.C.; I wasn't tired because I was sitting in my power wheelchair all day. 
We got our room, and I was the last one to get a room because I was staying with Mr. B and helping others get their room, but it was OK because I was watching all the people coming or going from in the hotel hobby. I did that for 90 minutes; I loved it because it was different to me, and I am watching people. Then Mr. B. came to me, and he sat next to me and then said to me, "are you ready to go up to our room." I said to him, "sure." I knew that he was tired so we went upstairs. We got to our room, and he said to me, "Thank you for sitting in the back of the school bus and waiting for me. I owe you." I said to him, "don't worry about it, and I like people watching." We had a few hours' sleep because we had scheduled to go places every day. I saw the white house, and I was inside; it was awesome, but I didn't see our President. That time it was George Bush in the white house. I am glad that I didn't see our President because I wasn't crazy about him, but if I met our President, it would be cool to meet our President. We went around the white house. I did a little shopping there, and then we went to a lot of museums. I wasn't crazy about it, I didn't know why people like to look at old stuff, and it wasn't manful to me. I did look at everything I could because maybe one day I could remember it. It was cool to look at; I was looking at everything I could. 
After that, we went to dinner, and I was starving. I ate, ate, and ate. Everyone was shocked, but they knew I could eat for two people. When we were done with our dinner, we went back to the hotel for the night; Mr. B. had to help others. He asked me, "do you want to go up to our room or stay down there, and are you going to the hotel lobby to watch your people watching?" I said to him, "going in the hotel lobby." he said OK to me. I stayed down there for hours; a different teacher came to sit next to me and gave me a drink of pop. I saw a few people who were there last night, and they saw me, and they smiled at me. Then I went to my room, and Mr. B. was waiting for me. He was shocked because I was in the room a little early, he thought. When I hit the bed, I was out for the night. I was happy I had a good night's sleep because I can't sleep well when I am in a different bed or different room. 
It was Wednesday morning, and we were eating our breakfast; I saw the driver come up to Mr. B., and they were talking about something. When we had our breakfast, we went to our school bus, then Mr. B. said, "I need Todd to go behind the bus driver." I didn't know why I was going behind the driver; they did put me in the back of the driver. The driver said to me, "Hi, I've been looking at you, and I need your company up there and could you hit my arm a few times." I said sure to him, I didn't know why, but he asked me to do it. So, I did what he asked for. So, I hit him, or I said hey to him. He said to me, "Thank you." We went to see more museums and returned to the hotel because we were leaving for Gettysburg, Pennsylvania; on Thursday, we had to pack up our stuff. I lived out of bags, didn't unpack, and got Mr. B. to help me, so I had it easy. I stayed downstairs to watch people at the hotel hobby; maybe he likes to have time himself. I was happy because I had little freedom and few people asked me, "how are you doing? Or how is your trip?" All I had to say was good to them. 
It was dinnertime, Mr. B. and I went to different places for dinner. We walked to a restaurant, and I thought it was a 4-star restaurant. He said to me, "you can order anything you want." I said to him, "Thank you, but I can't ask you to do it because food costs more than 20 dollars a plate, and I am kind of hungry." Then he said to me, " Todd, I don't care if you want 2 or 3 dishes, I know that you can eat! The driver and I want to take you out to a nice dinner, and I know you are helping our driver out." So, I had two dishes of food and pie with ice cream. He asked me, "Do you want more pie and ice cream?" I said to him, "no, Thank you. Thank you for a nice dinner." 
Then teachers came into the restaurant, and they sat with us. Then I asked Mr. B., "Do you want me to leave? So, you have some alone time with them. He said to me, "no, Todd. You are fine, and I want you to be here." I said OK to him; they were talking about Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, our plans, and what things to watch for. I listened to them, and I was looking around too because it is so awesome to see different places. 
Another teacher asks Mr. B. if he could take Todd on a walk. He said sure to him, so Mr. B. gave him money, and he said to him, "here some money if Todd needs or wants something. Get it for him! I looked at Mr. B., and I said to him, "I have some money." He said to me, "I know you do, but I want you to keep it and don't worry about it. Another teacher and I walked around, and we stopped at a few dancing clubs. We didn't drink because he was working. I am under 21. I had a few girls around me, and we were dancing. I didn't stop until 2 am. The girls were going to eat, and they asked me if I wanted to go with them. I said to them, "I'd love to, but I can't. I'm sorry. I am leaving tomorrow to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania." They were sad, and they gave me kisses and phone numbers, then the teacher asked me why I didn't go to them for food. I said to him, "we are going to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania tomorrow, and I don't want to make you stay up all night because of me. He said to me, "Oh Todd, you worried everyone else, not you." I said to him, "I have to go in the room with Mr. B., and it is after 2 am." He looked at me; he thought I was crazy or something. We went to my room, Mr. B. opened the door, and he said to us, "Hi, Good morning. Did Todd have fun?" another teacher said to Mr. B. "He did, but few girls wanted him to go to eat. He said no because Gettysburg Pennsylvania and you." Mr. B. said to him, "you?" he said to Mr. B., "both of us, He doesn't want to make us awake because he wants to party all night and if he went with them to eat, it is going to be four girls." Then I said to them, "yes, they were hot. What happens if they want to do something else after eating?" Then they looked at each other and said good night. I laughed; I knew they didn't think about it after eating. I jumped in the bed; I was sleeping for about 2 minutes. Thursday morning, we can sleep in.   
I woke up before 9 am, I got ready for the day, and I was downstairs before 10 o'clock and took a shower. Mr. B. was very shocked at how I was because I was out late. I was fine because I kept thinking about four girls last night. I was downstairs waiting for our group. I am always the first person down there, and the hotel is starting to say good morning to me. I said Hi to them. About 15 minutes later, I am starting to see my group is coming. I had to wait for everyone to come down in the hotel lobby. Maybe we could eat. It was after 11 o'clock; I said to myself, "I should've slept about 90 minutes more, but I didn't say it because maybe Mr. B wanted me to be downstairs waiting for them. We ate our breakfast and lunch because it was between periods, but I like lunch food better than breakfast because breakfast food makes us hungrier. 
We had time to relax and have fun; we were joking around, then I thought I saw something. I was hoping girls found me, but I kept doing what I was doing. When we were done eating and joking around, it was bathroom time before we went on the school bus. I was first to go because I was first going on bus school, then I asked the driver how far Gettysburg Pennsylvania? He said to me, "about 2 or 3 hours because the school bus goes slow and doesn't stop if we were in a car. It would be less than 2 hours." I said to him, "I am hoping for no stops!" They got everyone on the school bus, and they had a problem. 
One bus did not start up again, so half the group could leave now, and I was that bus. I asked Mr. B. if he wants me to stay back so different students could go. He looked at me, and he said to me, "no, Todd. I was hoping you could stay with the driver because he needs you and I am going to put two more teachers on there. So, we left there, it was a nice ride, and we didn't stop. We were there in 2 hours, and 15 minutes then we stopped at our hotel. We unpacked the bus, and we got our rooms; they let me do my favorite part. I Watched people in the hotel lobby, but I had few students with me. They had fun and were laughing. When teachers came back from our rooms, it was easy on them. The students asked them to stay there a little longer, and they said sure to them, so the teachers went to get drinks and snacks for us. 
We stayed there for hours, and then we saw Mr. B. and students come in the door. The students were next to me; they said, oh damn, Mr. B. is here. Then teachers looked at me, and I looked back. Then Mr. B. walked over to where we were, and he said to teachers, "I asked you to take them to a museum." I went over there, and I said to Mr. B.," they were going, but I had to go number 2, and I had to use a different room. I'm sorry, it's my fault." He said Oh! I'm sorry, Todd. I want to see everything because Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, is the best place to learn stuff. Then I asked myself," go on a trip to learn stuff, they are graduates, and they need a little fun too." I asked Mr. B. what are we doing tomorrow? He said, "We are going to a big battlefield in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania." I said to him, "can you ask them what they want to do because it's their trip and maybe they want to relax or something different. So, we went over to where they were. He asked them what they wanted to do. Some students want a pizza party and some students want to relax, and a few students want to go to a museum. 
The teachers cut three groups. One group had their pizza party, the second group had pizza and went to their rooms, and the third group went to a museum when they came back to the hotel. They can have anything they want for dinner, then Mr. B. says to me," you are going with them to the museum, then I will stay back to help them with the pizza party and put some students in their room to relax." I said to him, "ok." Then I asked him, "Can you do me a favor?" He said what to me. I said to him, "I would like to open up and stop being principal for a night!" When students heard that Mr. B was staying back, they made funny faces. Mr. B. saw them, so he opened his shirt a little and took the tie off, and he said to them, "it is time for a pizza party!" The students yelled yea! I went off to the museum, it was a very nice museum, and we stayed there for hours. 
I was starting to get into it; I listened to people talking about pictures and what happened in 1776 through John F. Kennedy. We were there when they were closing, and then we went to our hotel, we were hungry. We ate leftover pizza; we knew that we could have anything for dinner. When I was eating the pizza, I thought about tomorrow I am going to the battlefield; I didn't understand why we were going there because it was only the field. It was early to go to bed. I stayed downstairs at the hotel. Then Mr. B. came over to sit next to me, and he watched me do what I was doing. Then he saw what I was doing; I was not doing anything. 
All I am doing is looking into my eyes, and the girl is smiling at me. Sometimes they said hi to me, and then I smiled back at them. A few times, they walked back because they wanted to walk around me. They have her guy next to her, I guess it is ok for girls to do it, but guys do it. Oh my God. When guys do it, girls are mad at them, and they won't talk to them for days. Mr. B. said to me, "I have a beautiful wife, and I learned." I said to him, "Well, if they are looking and smiled. I guess that they want to be nice, or they are bored or not happy with him." Mr. B. laughed, and he said to me, "you are right, Todd." It was going to be 11 pm, so we went up to our room. I wished that a girl would come up to us to start talking, but no one stopped us. So, we went to bed. I was out in 10 minutes. I said to myself, "Tomorrow, I am going to have a busy day because we are going to the battlefield, then back to school, then I am going to Camp Chautauqua." 
That morning I woke up around 7 am. I took a hot bath because I am going to have a very long day today. I was downstairs at 8:30 am; I was going to the sitting area. Few people were there, and I found an open place and students could find me. I looked around the room, and then I saw people that were there last night. They said hi to me, then they asked me, "Where are you going today." Always have my device in front of me; I tell them that we are going to the battlefield, then go home, then I am going to Camp Chautauqua because it is a holiday weekend. Then they asked me, "where are you from?" I said Buffalo N.Y. to them. Then a teacher walked over, and he said to me, "are you ready to eat?" I said yes, I am to him, and then they said goodbye to me. I had eggs, orange juice, and two jelly doughnuts, and then I was ready to go. I went to the bathroom before going on the school bus. By 10 o'clock we were on the road, we were about half an hour from it. The teacher was hoping to leave around 1 o'clock to go home when we got to Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. We walked around a little bit, and then I stopped. I had a feeling I never had before; I felt that something was inside of me. I didn't want to move, and then I thought I had a ghost inside of me. Then I said to myself, "Am I feeling the war?" I looked around me, and then I remembered the museum yesterday. They were talking about the battlefield; I tried to imagine the war. It was too hard because people were around, and teachers wanted us to keep moving because we were on schedule. I was disappointed because I wanted more time. We left around 2 o'clock, so we were running a little late. We have to stop for dinner; we are talking about 8-9 o'clock at night to get back to school. I said to myself, "I will get to Camp Chautauqua after 11 o'clock and then go to bed as soon as I unpacked stuff." I wasn't excited about that because I was on the road for about 9-10 hours. I am looking forward to crawling again and not sitting in the power wheelchair. I was helping our bus driver because I knew he was tired. We did stop for dinner; we had fast food, so it was fast and easy. We got to school by 8:30 pm; I saw my parents were waiting for me. I was the last person to get off the school bus, and all teachers said so. Thank you, and the driver hugged me and said Thank you.  I was back on the road again, and it was a long ride. I was right when we were at Camp Chautauqua, and we were done unpacking; I went to bed because it was before 11 o'clock, and I had a long week. 9 o'clock is my bedtime. I don't understand because I was 19 years old and I was a little mad. I was away for four days, and I was helping students out, and I was helping our driver. My award is going to bed soon when they are done unpacking. I stayed up for an hour or 2. They went to their friend's campground for a fire. I was thinking about the trip I had. I went to Washington D.C., and it was cool. Then I went to a nice dinner, danced with four girls, went to the battlefield, and it was awesome. I would love to go back there because I was there and I felt something when I was there, but I would like to imagine four girls after we ate. We might walk around in Washington D.C. or go to their room. I would never know; it was going to happen that night. I heard my parents walking in our trailer, my mom saw me. I was still awake; she said to me, "close your eyes because you are overtired." I closed my eyes, but I still heard her leave again. Now I was thinking about summer and next school year because I am going to graduate. Then I fell asleep, and I slept the next morning. I told my family about my trip. I would like to go back to the battlefield. I was still thinking about four girls that night because I had fun with them and asked me to come with them. I was mad at myself because I would like to know what would happen.  
I had 5 weeks left of the school; I felt that it was starting to wind down. The students had to take final tests; I didn’t take them because I will get dumb so Mr. B tested me out of the school year. He knew that I was smart, he might give it to me 10 times because I didn't understand the first time he learned about me. Sometimes he would say it over and over or say it in a different way so I can understand. He is a good teacher and he will sit with me to help me learn it. It might take 3 or 10 times. When I do computer, math, and my device. I had no problem because it is easy for me. I don’t know why but it is, I didn’t go to high school or college because of my learning disability. I wished that I went to college but I know that I can’t because of my learning disability. So, I was staying in School 84 until I was 20 years old. What I thought, I was excited all summer and I drove my golf cart. I was ready to go back to school when I went back to school. They had a meeting and I was there. They want me to come one more year because “you aren’t ready to go.” I was disappointed, so I told them, “I will think about it.” I was thinking, “Do I want to go one more year of school?” Sometimes I was saying to myself, “I don’t want to but at the same time I was saying I want to.” A few weeks went by, then Mr. B. said to me, “you will go on a graduation trip with your friends this year and you will go again next year.” I didn’t say anything until but I knew that I was staying for an extra school year. They needed to know by the end of October; I thought about things when I was going home and what they did for me all the years I was there. A few years ago, I had fundraisers to get a computer at home. I was so excited. I can remember it yesterday; they had a lot of fundraisers for me. They had breakfast for me and I thought it was radical! Then a teacher wanted me to go around the school to ask for money for my fundraisers. A lot of teachers were very mad because I knew about it and they thought it was wrong that I was going around the school asking for money. I went back to that teacher and I said, they are mad and they think it is wrong that I am doing it. A teacher said ok to me, I didn’t want to hear it anymore. When I heard that I was going to get a computer, I bought a computer desk, and my dad put it together for me. It sat there for months but I saw it. I said to myself; “I am going to get a computer, I am going to get a computer.” It was around springtime; I knew that my favorite teachers were coming out to my house but I don’t know when. One day I was in school; Mrs. Saran and Mrs. Grill were not there. I thought it was very odd; I kept doing what I was doing. I had a few periods open. So, I went to the bathroom and took my time. I waited for the next period, it was nice because I was going from classroom to classroom and I didn’t have to go to the bathroom. Sometimes I waited to go home to go the bathroom, Mr. B asked me, “Where were you?'' He knew my schedule and teachers were out for the day. I said to him, “I went to the bathroom and relaxed and I knew you had a class, I don’t want to walk in when you are busy.” Then he said to me, “this classroom is your room. I know you will wait outside because I am teaching a class. I need you to stop that because I don’t care if you walk in when I am busy because I am your home teacher and you are first.” I was very shocked and in love. So I asked him, “can I go to the bathroom when I have little free time? Someday I don’t have time to go to the bathroom. I waited until I went home because my schedule was overbooked.” The class starts at 8:45 am, I am at school at 8:20 am so every morning I go to see a few teachers to say Good morning to them and go to the bathroom then I am in our classroom by 8:40 am. After my lunch I am going to the bathroom again then I am going to the bathroom before I leave for home. Sometimes I don’t have time to go so Mr. B. said to me, “we need to change that! I will help you go to the bathroom before you go home.” I said Thank you to him. Different times I was going down the hallway to get to a different classroom then Mrs. Rude yelled at me because I am going “too fast” down the hallways. She did call Mr. B. I know because I was in the classroom when she called him. He answered it and it was Mrs. Rude she told him how fast I was going, then he said to her, “How many teachers are in school? No one has any problem with Todd. Please do not call me about Todd going too fast again.” Then he looked at me and he said to me, “if you have any problem with Mrs. Rude, I want you to come to me and tell me.” I said ok to him. Then I knew he was behind me then I started being comfortable around him. When I moved into Mr. B.'s classroom, in the morning I had to go to a workshop 3 days of our week because they wanted me to start going to work. Different teacher, I called him Mr. H., he has a workshop and I hate it. I went to his workshop on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday from 9 am-12 pm. I sent and printed wood. I did that for 3 months and I told Mr. B. I’m not going and I’m sorry. He said to me, “It is your program to do something outside of school. I said ok to him but someone had to find a different program for me, then a different group was going to the hospital to do papers work. It was ok but it had no room for me. I was there for 2 weeks, then I was back in Mr. H. 's program for 5 weeks. Mrs. Saran or Mrs. Grill found something for me to do, it was Medicaid billing and it was next to my school. It took a few months to set it up. I was putting their account numbers, how much it was, and How much Medicaid paid then I was done. I did about 50-70 accounts each day I was there. I was using my talking device, called the Liberator. I was using the computer too, I thought of an idea to help me. I stored a few steps in Liberator; I learned I was doing 5 returns and 4 tabs. I made an area for it; I only push a key and do 15 different things for me. Then I was doing about 150-175 accounts each day, people there were happy about my work and I am fast. I said to myself, “Is it going to be my job when I graduate from school and they need an extra year to work on it?” I was home and crawled around the house then I looked at my computer, remembering that day Mrs. Saran and Mrs. Grill weren’t in school that day because they were setting up the computer for me. When I got home that day, I was so happy because it was my wish for a long time. A few months later I got a modem for myself, I used AOL. I didn’t have any idea what I was doing but I learned by myself, I did a spreadsheet myself and I started writing a book. Then Jennifer stopped and turned her head around, she asked me, “What do you write about? Where is it?” I said to her, “it was in the 1990s, the king gave his son away because he had a disability. The son found out he was a prince but he has loving parents so I stopped writing it because the disc broke.” Then Jennifer said to me, “I wish that you still have it.” I said to her because the prince was me; I can’t remember what I wrote but Sara helped me write it. I was so mad when the disc broke. She said to me, “I will help you with it.” I said Thank you to her but I know that my imagination is not good anymore because I am getting older. Then Jennifer said to me, “I think when we are bored or not busy then we imagine things. I would like to go back to the story.” I said to her, “you are right!” she said that you were telling me about you being in front of the computer, oh yeah. I was using the computer every day. I did play games on it, then my mom started to play on it, it was fine because we played together. Then she wanted to do a shopping list, she wanted to use word process but she wanted to add it itself. I told her that you have to use a spreadsheet, she said no, no, no, to me. I looked at her and I crawled away, I was mad. Then my dad wants to make lists for his work. I thought it is best that he needs to use a database because he can find names or items faster. We had a few fights over the computer, they had different ideas on how to use the computer. I said to myself, “Tomorrow I am going to tell them that I will do an extra year of school.” I told my mother what I am doing, “I know that you were excited to graduate this year but I think that you are doing the right thing here.” It was dinnertime, I thought about what I did and I think it is best for me to do. I went to school the next day and I told them, I guess that I have 18 more months to Graduate. '' Oh my God, their eyes are so big and they said to me, “good call and we will work hard on what you need next year for your Graduates. I was happy and sad because all my friends are Graduates I am not, and then I heard the principal is this year. So, I am going to school next year without my friends and a new principal. I felt that I made a mistake to stay an extra year, so I looked at the mirror in the bathroom. I said to myself; “I will too, be fine and students have to look up to me because I am older and I'm not worried about the new principal. I have Mr. B as my home teacher and any problem I know he will help me. I got this.” I gave Mrs. Tonner a hard time because she promised me when I Graduated that she would leave. I asked her to do an extra year for me. She said to me, “I would but I can’t.” I was hoping she would because I was having a funny feeling about the new principal and I hadn't met her or him yet. A few weeks later, I heard that School 84 is changing. In 5 years they wanted to make School 84 to school/program real students come to school 84. I think of what they are going to want to do and I am hoping that they are doing, School 84 is only for students with disabilities. Why not have a few students go there to help disabled students and learn from them. I said to myself, “I will be done with School 84, it isn’t my problem anymore.”  
The Graduates were having a meeting for their trip, I was here because I was in the next year's group to go on the Graduate's trip. The graduates would like to go to Toronto for their trip. I was fine by it. Then I heard that we are going to a baseball game and a Phantom of the Opera play. I said to myself, “Oh my God.  We are going to see the play and I don’t like opera music; it is going to be a fun trip I am going to have.” And then I heard that we are going to museums and the mall is underground, so I said to them, “I want to see the underground mall.” Then everybody said that to me too. The teachers talked to us about fundraisers for the Toronto trip. I knew about fundraisers because I did it for a Washington D.C. trip. I need to sell 20 boxes of bar candy; the box has 24 bars of candy. I am getting $480 but I am going to get half of it. I am getting $240 but the trip cost $250 and I need food money. I know I still have Easter candy to sell. I was doing ok, and then I heard that some students had problems selling their candy so I asked Mr. B., “what I can to do?” he said to me, “every student in school is selling it so they are helping their Graduates and they are getting an award for the higher seller.” I said oh ok to him then he said to me, “that was how you went to Washington D.C. trip.” I said to him, “kind of pool of money over years.” He said yes to me. I kept doing what I was doing but I found out something and I feel so sorry for a few Graduate students, they had Mrs. Rude as their home teacher. I was so sick of it; I went by it to check on them. I knew that I couldn't do anything but I wanted her to know that I was watching. Now her classroom was next to my Speech room, I was going there 4 times out of the week and when I had swimming classes. I went a long way because I want to make sure they are ok. Every time I passed by her classroom; she gave me a look. I know that she can't do anything because I was going to Speech but a few times I went by her classroom because I wanted to throw her off. She hates that, so she called Mr. B. making a fuss about me. So, Mrs. B. asked me, “What are you doing in Mrs. Rude’s classroom?” I said to him, “Well, Speech room next to her classroom, I can’t help that.” He said to me, “Todd? Extra times.” I said to him, “Oh she has my schedule now.” He said nothing to me because he knew that’s how I felt about her. So he left it alone, I was keeping what I was doing then I saw a student fall on the floor. I was going in front of the student, I yelled, yelled and yelled when the teachers heard me. I was between 2 rooms so they came out of their rooms and then they saw a student was on the floor, I passed them. A teacher said Thank you to me. '' I stopped my power wheelchair then I used my device to say, “you’re welcome. I guess that I was at the right place at the  right time.” A teacher said to me, “yes you were.” Then Mrs. Rude came out of her classroom, she said, why is Todd here! Did he hit the student? I said to myself, “I don’t need her crap from her.” Then a teacher looked at Mrs. Rude and a teacher said to her, “no He didn’t because he stayed with the student and he yelled for help!” Then I saw Mrs. Tonner was walking down where we were. I said to them, “I am hoping the student is ok, I have to go to my next class or I get in trouble.” Mrs. Rude said, “You could!” to me and then a teacher said to her, “he stays! “and then said to me, “stay here Todd and I will tell your teacher that's why you were late.” And then Mrs. Rude looked at me and she said nothing. Mrs. Tonner came and she asked us, “what happened, “A teacher said to Mrs. Tonner, “I heard Todd yell, I came out of my classroom. I saw this student was on the floor and Todd was coming towards a student.” Mrs. Tonner asked a student “what happened.” A student said to Mrs. Tonner, “I fell. Then I heard someone yell.” Mrs. Tonner looked at me and she said Thank you to me. I said to her, “no problem. I was coming from class and I saw a student lay on the floor and I yelled but I knew no yelling in the hallway. It was an emergency.” Then I heard my name on speaker, “Todd comes to class.” I said to myself, “what do I do now?” Then Mrs. Tonner saw me thinking and then she said to me, “Don’t worry Todd! I will explain to your teacher that you aren’t in trouble, I will walk with you.” When Mrs. Tonner is done with a student, Mrs. Tonner and I will go to my classroom. Everyone was looking at me because I was with the principal and they heard my name over the speaker. She said to me, “remember you aren’t in trouble but it is a good show!” I think that Mrs. Tonner wants the students to be afraid of her. We were at Mr. B.'s classroom, I saw him and I knew he was pissed. Before Mrs. Tonner said anything, Mr. B. said to me, ''WHERE WERE YOU?!” and then Mrs. Tonner said to him, “I thought you won’t do that to Todd, number 1. Number 2, why didn't you look for him? Maybe his power wheelchair broke down.” And then she said to him, “Do you want to know what happened to him?” He said to Mrs. Tonner, “I’m sorry, I would like to know what happened.” She said to him, “Todd was coming out of a class and he saw that a student was on the floor and he yelled for help. That was WHY HE WAS LATE!” he looked at both of us and he said I’m sorry. Mrs. Tonner said to me, “You did a good job, and Thank you.” I said you are welcome and I went into my classroom. The students asked me, “What happened?” Before I told them, Mr. B. walked into the classroom; I was sitting in the back of the class because I was late. It is his rule, and then he asked everyone to stop what he or she was doing. Then he asked us, “What do you do if you find a student on the floor?” They said, “Help them and get someone for help.” He said you are right, and then he asked me to come to the front of the class. I did that and he said, “Todd did that today! He knew it was an emergency! A student was lucky because he was at the right time and right place.” Everyone said a good job to me. I smiled at them and said Thank you to them, I thought it wasn't a big deal. Students help other students out every day. Now everyone looked at me in a different way, I kept doing what I was doing and didn’t get big-headed by it. I was looking forward to the Toronto trip and there were a few weeks left. Everyone was getting excited; I was a little excited but I was thinking about the play “Phantom of the Opera”. It is 3 hours long; I was excited about the baseball game and underground mall. Mr. B. knew I wasn’t crazy about Phantom of the Opera but he asked me to try watching half of the play and if you don’t like it, you and I can leave and do something else. Now I feel bad because if I don’t like it, I feel like I am making him leave. I can’t do that to him. Maybe I like it, I am hoping, I said to myself, “I can’t think about it. I need to try it.” And then Mr. B. said to me, “we got the same driver from the Washington D.C. trip and he was asking for Todd.” Then I looked at Mr. B., I said coolly to him. Every week we had a trip meeting, Mr. B. was making sure everyone has I.D. because we are going out of the country. It was the first time for me, and then he said to us, “the money is different in Canada.” It was more than our money, I didn’t worry because I used my money for the Washington D.C. trip only. I had about $120, I would like to have $250 to be safe and for extra stuff. I would like to do extra stuff with the students. On the Washington D.C. trip I had over $100, I didn’t do any extra stuff. They had pizza every night or went out to watch movies or shopping. I went shopping with them because I can see things. We were going to Canada for 4 days, that weekend we were at Camp Chautauqua before my Toronto trip. I was a little excited but I am worried about money because I want to do everything I can. I am going to take everything that I have. It was $187 but I was thinking about next year's trip because I would like to do everything I could because I am going to be a Graduate. Before I went to school on Tuesday morning, I said goodbye to my parents. See you on Friday they said, I said yes you will. I got to school on time, Mr. B. said to me, “Good morning, I got you and don’t worry about anything. I had no idea what He was talking about, so I said to him, “Good morning and Thank you.” I saw our driver, we talked a little while because I was ready to go. The driver asked me, “Did you go to Toronto before?” I said no to him. We waited an hour for them to get ready and then the driver said to me, “you better go to the bathroom because we are leaving in 20 minutes. I said Thank you to him, I went to the bathroom and then I came back to the bus. The driver put me on the school bus then I saw everyone was coming. I was in front of the school bus and It is a long school bus. The wheelchair lift was in front of me but our school has a loading lock so in the back of the school bus the driver can unload or load students in the wheelchair. So, everyone came in back of the school bus, it was easy to load everyone up and it was faster. Then we were on the road in about 20 minutes because in the back of the school bus they put our bags, snacks, and emergency supplies. From the school it took us about 25 minutes to get to the Canada borderline, we had to sit there for about another 25 minutes. They said you are approved to go, it was so amazing seeing the Canadian side because everything is different. I learned what kmh is, it is under our mph the driver told me that. I had a hard time with Celsius because I don’t understand it; I like Fahrenheit because it is easy for me.   
Then Jennifer saved my book before the laptop died because we used it for over 4 hours. Jennifer turned her head to look up at me then she asked me, “where is the charger for the laptop?” I said to her, “where did you find my laptop charger, it was next to it.” she said to me, “ok, I will get it and plug it in and put some clothes on.” I said to her, “why are you putting clothes on now? We wrote about 4 chapters.” She said to me, “don’t worry Todd, I will like to be naked for you again I promised.” So, she put the laptop on the floor, then she said, “Oh Martha, you are lying between our legs. So, she jumped off the couch then ran into my bedroom. I saw her run to the bathroom but the blanket started falling off her; I said to Martha, always you are a good girl. I turned around on the couch looking outside, I saw my van, and the snow was halfway on my van. I heard Jennifer go to my bedroom to do something then I heard she was plugging in my laptop when I got her arms around me. She said, “Wow Todd it is bad outside.” I turned around to look at her; she had a long white t-shirt and cute shorts on because my house is very warm. I don’t like to be cold but I thought it was odd she had a t-shirt and shorts on but I could see her belly button ring through her white t-shirt, it was butterfly jewelry, and I thought it was cute but odd I didn’t know she had one. Then she said to me, “I am ready to wrestle.” I said, “Oh are you.” Then she said, “Come on Todd, give me what you got, the big boy.” I am still sitting on the couch, and smiling at her when my phone rings, Jennifer got my phone for me. It was a text from my sister. My sister wrote to me, “I am hoping you and Jennifer are OK, we lost power at our place but we are going to the firehouse.” I text her back, “Oh my God, and Thank you for telling me that. We still have power here.” Then I asked Jennifer to please plug in our phones. So, she did what I asked her to do but I am thinking about how she wants to wrestle, I know we need a break from writing and she wants to wrestle. So, I jumped off the couch then said to her, “OK, then girl now you want to wrestle. Come on, let us see what you got.” We wrestled, but afterward, we were sitting on top of each other and laughing. It is good for me because I am moving my body around. It is fun to be able to move and joke with someone the way I am. When I was sitting on her again, I was holding her hands down. She couldn’t move even though she tried to with all her might. I chuckled and asked her what she was going to do about it. She looked up at me “you don’t want to know all the things I could do right now” joking around. I was puzzled because I don’t think she knows what she means to me or what she meant about the comment. I finally decided that I would let her flip me over and think she had the upper hand (even though she never will). I am on my back now; I am lying on the floor between her legs. She is sitting on my stomach, I can see through her white t-shirt. She is kneeling over top of me, her hands crossed over the bottom of her white t-shirt. She was starting to say something then I heard something outside but I didn’t want to be a jerk to her. Then I put my hand next to my ear. That means I didn’t hear you. She said, “Oh Todd. You did hear me.” Then I saw her hands holding her white t-shirt then she was moving her hands with her t-shirt pulled up slowly. I was looking at her and I am saying myself, are we having sex right now? The shirt was over her belly button ring. She doesn't stop there. Then the doorbell rings, she jumps off of me. She ran to my bedroom and she was yelling and freaked out, she asked me who is that? We are having a snowstorm! When she was in my bedroom, I got up from the floor then I jumped in the power wheelchair to go to the door and open it. Jennifer put her head out. It was a cop, they are checking on me because they know that I am a disabled person and I am living here myself. Then Jennifer came out of my bedroom with a shirt on. I looked at her funny face. Jennifer said to them, “I am here with him, I wanted him to be safe through the snowstorm. Then I said to them, “she is my best friend and she worked with me years ago.” They said, OK but I am going to put a red tag out in front of your door if you lose any power!  So, we know that you are the first to get you and anyone is here. We said Thank you to them. They are leaving from my living room; Jennifer closed the door behind them. She went to the couch and sat down, putting her head down. I went out of my power wheelchair to go on the floor and I got in front of her, I told her to put her head up. She did. Then I went up on my knee to her and I gave her a kiss. I went back down to the floor but I was still looking at her. She came down to the floor with me and we sat there for a few minutes. Then she gave me a kiss back! She said to me. “I am glad they stopped here to check on you.” She put her finger under my chin and she said to me, “if they didn’t stop here, you know what would’ve happened.” I know what would’ve happened if they didn’t stop here, that was why I gave her a kiss. She asked me, “Are there any more visitors coming? Because I would like to get comfortable again.” I said to her, “I am hoping not.” She went to my bedroom and I don’t have any idea what she is doing but I know that she likes wearing the few clothes she can. She came out to my bedroom; she was wearing the same thing before the cop came. She went to the couch and asked me to sit next to her and she asked me, “Can we go back to Toronto? I would like to know what happened with Phantom of the Opera.” I said ok to her, I went back to the couch. I sat in the same place, then she came over and she sat between my legs. She was comfortable when I was looking out the window and outside, I felt her t-shirt was next to my body. I asked myself, “Ok, before the cop came. She was starting to take her shirt off, she was sitting on top of me. Then we were sitting on the couch and then I felt the blanket moving upon us. She said to me, “Hi, handsome.” I turned my head back and then she was waiting to give me an Eskimo kiss. I turned my head so we can Eskimo kiss each other, and we did it for a few minutes. My arms are around her; I was holding her and she smiled at me. She said to me, “Are you ready to go writing or can we go back to wrestling?” I said to her, “I would like to wrestle but we are sitting on the couch already. So, we can do a chapter or two.” Jennifer got the laptop from the floor, and then she put the laptop on her lap. Then she fixed our blanket and said to me, “I am ready to go.” I said ok to her.
Ok, where was I, then Jennifer said. You were in Canada and you don’t like Celsius. Oh yeah, we were going to Toronto. I saw different odd things, one thing I like to do when I am riding in any transportation is look at gas stations because the gas is different everywhere I go. In Canada I don’t have an idea how to read it, I can’t remember what it was but I know it was very odd. We went to our hotel and I sat in the hotel lobby with a few students that stayed with me, and then we talked about things. I was listening to them and I was watching people too, and then teachers came over where we were. They asked us, “Ok, your bags are up in your rooms. What do you want to do?” Mr. B. didn’t schedule anything tonight so we should do anything we want. They were happy about that, so they asked Mr. B. if They could walk around. He said sure to them, and then I looked at him and he said to me, “I learned from you at Gettysburg Pennsylvania.” I looked at him and I said to him, “you’re welcome.” So, we went on a walk, and we saw cool tall buildings. It is my second favorite thing to go to see tall buildings because I think it is wild. We were hungry, so we went to a restaurant. We stayed there for 4 hours because we had fun. Then Mr. B. said to us, “Tomorrow is Wednesday, It is museum day and tonight is the underground mall. On Thursday night is Phantom of the Opera play so Thursday morning is open for anything you want to do then baseball game in the afternoon. On Friday we go back to school.” They said coolly to him, then I looked at him because he doesn’t like the word cool. He looked at me and he said in a soft voice to me, “it is fine.” When we were done with the restaurant, we went a long way to our hotel. Everyone went to bed at 12 am. I laid down and had a little hard time because it was a new place and I wasn’t tired. I went to sleep for a little while, in the morning I was up before Mr. B. I jumped in the bathtub and relaxed. I was done bathing and getting dressed, and then I went downstairs to the hotel lobby to watch people. I was there for a few hours, there were a lot of people leaving and coming. I thought they had a business trip because not a lot of students like Washington D.C. and Gettysburg Pennsylvania. Then I saw our students coming where I was, they sat around me. We ate our breakfast and then we went to the museums. It was ok but It wasn’t like Washington D.C. and Gettysburg Pennsylvania. Then we went to the underground mall, we had fun and ate a few snacks there. We walked around more when the mall was close to closing. When we got on the school bus Mr. B. said to us, “Where do you want to go?” I was shocked when they said this to Mr. B. They wanted to go back to the restaurant we were at. He said sure to them, so we went there and there was a baseball game on. We stayed there past 1 am, we knew that we could sleep in if we wanted to. I asked Mr. B., “Should we go around Toronto before the baseball game? He said yes we could. So, we left the restaurant. Some students wanted to walk to our hotel and some students rode the school bus to our hotel. I went on a walk with them, it took us about 10 minutes to get to our hotel. I went to my room and I went to bed, I went to sleep in 5 minutes. It is Thursday morning and I slept in. It was 10 o’clock in the morning, the baseball game was at 2 pm then the Phantom of the Opera play was at 8 o’clock. I knew that I didn’t have time to go around Toronto. So, I ate my breakfast slowly. We left for the baseball game; it took us about 45 minutes to get there. I was so amazed because it was my first time going there and seeing it. We stayed there for a few hours because we had to go to see The Phantom of the Opera play. I wasn’t happy with that but I didn’t say anything because it isn’t my Graduates trip. We went to our hotel to change our clothes, and then we were going on the school bus. I think it was a mistake to go to a baseball game the same day the Phantom of the Opera was scheduled. We had to run to our school bus to load up everyone and it was raining. We did ok because we got our seats and we had 10 minutes for the show. I looked around the room and at the people too. All of a sudden, the lights went down. When it was starting, I said to myself, “Oh boy.” It started, the first 10 minutes I was looking around and watching it. I said to myself, “It is boring, I want to go but I know it is rude.” And then I was watching more and more and more until it was time for break time. Mr. B. came up to me and he asked me, “Do you like it or Do you want to leave?” I looked at him and I said to myself, “you are keeping your promise.” Then I said to him, “I will stay.” He asked me, “Are you sure? We can leave.” I said to him, “yes I'm sure and I want to stay.” He went to help other students out. I think some students left because they needed to but Mr. B. came back to me and he said to me, “He is leaving with few students. The school bus is coming back here when the play is done. Are you sure you want to stay here?” I said to him, “I would like to stay here, I’m sorry you have to go.” He said to me, “I’m not here for me, I am here for them.” He went with students, only a few minutes I was sitting there then the play started again. I was watching it like no tomorrow. I was into it when it was done. I was more amazed than baseball. We went out of the room then I told a teacher that I would like to buy a few t-shirts from Phantom of the Opera. The school bus was there for us and the driver loaded us up. The driver asked me, “How was it?” I said to him, “It was really amazing!” I felt bad for our driver because he has missed a lot of things. When we went back to our hotel, I said to him when he was unloading, “I’m sorry that you had to miss it.” He said to me, “You don’t have to be sorry for me because I am a driver and sometimes I don't see things but I know that because I am here to drive students around. Thank you for thinking of me.” I said you’re welcome to him. We went to our hotel and they went to their room. I stayed in the hotel lobby; I know that they know where I am. Then Mr. B. came and sat next to me, he asked me, “how was it?” I said to him, “Thank you for making me go to it and kept your promise but It was so amazing. I never thought I’d love it. It was so beautiful.” He said to me, “I saw it before with my wife so it was ok, I left.” I said to him, “I would like to go to see it again.” Then a girl came to us and she said to Mr. B., “Excuse me, is this your son? He is very cute!” He was starting to answer her but I stopped him. He looked at me while I was using my device. He said to a girl, “I would like you to look at his device. He will tell you anything he wants. I wrote to her, “no, He isn’t my dad, he is a good friend and he wanted to take me to see Toronto and Phantom of the Opera.” She said to us, “I want to see that too bad. I think that your device is so amazing.” I said Thank you to her. She said to Mr. B., “Thank you for taking time to take him to see Phantom of the Opera.” She hugged me and then she left us and then Mr. B. said to me, “why didn't you tell her that I am your teacher?” I said to him, “I think that it looks better saying you are my friend than my teacher because She didn’t know I am a student then she will ask me what college you are from. I don’t want to say School 84.” He said to me, “Wow, Todd. You are smart, you know how to talk to girls.” I said to him, “I am so scared to talk to girls but tonight I wasn’t because I was thinking like I am Phantom of the Opera.” He laughed and he said to me,” You are so amazing. Keep up the good work.” I said to him, “Thank you but I am trying.” We went up to our room, I went to bed as quickly as I could because I know tomorrow is to go to school, then go home, then go camping Chautauqua for a long weekend. It was Friday morning; I took a shower, got dressed, and made sure I had everything before I left the room. When I was done with that, I went to the hotel lobby to sit there for a little while. I was thinking about Phantom of the Opera. I saw that girl go by; I didn’t make a noise because I knew that the students were coming soon. I don’t want her to know that I am in school if I was in college. It will be a different story. Then I saw a few students, they wanted to sit with me. I was shocked because they were Graduates and one of them is my best friend and he is Graduating. Then more students are coming, all teachers are putting everything in the back of the school bus. When they were done with that, we went to eat some breakfast. I was easy to feed; some students needed a little time to feed. I don’t care about that because everyone is different, I stayed with him or her when they were done. I saw the girl again, and then Mr. B. came to me. He said to me, “go over there. Say hi to her.” I said ok to him.” I left our table; I went over where the girl was. I said Hi to her, then she turned around and then she saw me. She gave me a big hug; she said to me, “How is your morning?” I said to her, “better now because I saw you.” She said to me, “Aww, you are so cute! Where are you going today?” I said to her, “I am going back home.” She asked me, “where are you from?” I said Buffalo New York to her. Then she said to me, “I know where it is. My parents live around there. Can I give you my number?” I said to her, “how about an email because it's easy for me.” Then she said yes to me.  She put everything down on the floor and she went down on one knee. I saw that Mr. B. and the driver were looking at me. I said to myself, “Maybe they were surprised because she was on the floor or something.” She was writing her email, and then she went up to my ear, she said to me, “if I knew that you are leaving today, I would have called a few of my girlfriends, then we could hang out in the hotel lobby or my room.” I smiled at her, and then I said to her, “Well, you went off too quickly so I couldn’t tell you that, but You didn’t tell me your name, what is your name?” She said to me, “I apologize, I am Kim. I am going somewhere and I had stopped to meet you. What’s your name?” I am Todd, I was glad you stopped. We are here because He is a teacher and he took Graduates students on their Graduates trip; I went with him.” She gave me a piece of paper with all her information, she put it in my coat pocket. She gave me a hug and kiss. Everyone was waiting for me, and then everyone went on the school bus. When the driver was leading me on the school bus, he said to me, “I wish that you had one more night.” I said to him, “Me too, and her name is Kim.” I got on the school bus, everyone was saying, “Todd has a girlfriend.” They said that about 20 times, the driver came back on the school bus. He said to me, “look outside.” I did look outside and she was standing outside looking at the school bus and then the driver got off the school bus and went over to her. She came on the school bus; she gave me hugs and kisses. She said Thank you to our driver then she got off the school bus, and she waited for us to leave. We left there and I said Thank you to him, he said no problem to me. 
The laptop was very hot on her leg, she saved what we wrote then she turned it off so it could cool itself down. Then she said to me, “I would like to know what happened when you left Toronto. She put the laptop on the floor and then she turned around to look at me. With one of her legs down on the couch, then she kissed me. I felt her hand move up my leg then she stopped! She jumped off the couch and she said to me, “I have an idea, Todd.” She came in front of me. When she did get in front of me, she went on her knees. She put her arms on my legs, moved up to face, and kissed me again. Then she is looking at me like she wants to ask me something but she doesn't. We were gazing into each other’s eyes for a very long time. I should have made a move on her but I didn’t because I was so horny because she was wearing only a t-shirt and cute shorts! I was thinking about how she started to take her t-shirt off before the cop came. Is she waiting for my next move? I was thinking all this when we were looking into each other's eyes. I moved my arms putting them around her back then I pulled her in next to my body. Our bodies touched each other. She looked at me and she said to me, “now, it is better.” I kissed her plus I was still holding her. Then I felt her hands around my back. She got off her knee then she came up to my lap, she was sitting on me. She asked me, “If I wanted to listen to her idea.” I said sure to her. She said great, I brought snow pants for us to wear and a snow jacket too. Can we go outside so we can make a snowman behind your house? I said to her, “right now? Do you remember when you went outside to try to shovel it and you couldn’t because It was snowing too fast plus she wore the snow, do you want that to happen again? Plus, I don’t have a shirt on and you are only in a t-shirt and shorts.” She said to me “please, Todd! When your laptop is cooling off, we can go outside to have a little fun.” I was not crazy about it because it is still snowing hard, but I said to her “We can go outside and play.” So, we can put clothes on then we can go outside. I said okay to her. We jumped off the couch at the same time and we headed to my bedroom. I crawled into my bedroom. When we were in there, I was facing the mirror but my back was facing her. She took her t-shirt off. I was looking at the mirror when she did it. I only saw her side of her; it wasn’t a big deal anyway. I was hoping She didn’t see me when she was changing. I think she didn’t care anyway when she was changing because I saw her body all day, she had clothes on but her clothes are see-through so I can see everything. So, she put a shirt and pants on, when she turned around, she saw me looking at the mirror but She didn’t say anything to me. I was shocked because I knew she saw me, she came over to me, put her arm around me, and then hugged me. When she got done changing, she hugged me. She went to get a few shirts so she could put them on me. Then I looked at her when she was getting my shirts. I wanted to tell her about my next stories but I didn’t because I knew she was excited and we worked on my book all morning and part afternoon. Plus, we need fun too! She is grabbing a few of my shirts anyway.  She did put my shirts on and her snow pants on me too, I couldn’t move around. She was starting to laugh and I was starting to laugh too. It took me a while to get to my back door but I crawled to my back door.  It has a wood deck with a ramp. Jennifer had a hard time opening the door. She pushed, pushed, and pushed until it was open. I crawled out there and the snow was high. It was under my neck; I was worried the snow would go over my head when I got to my backyard. Jennifer said, “I got my snowman right there!” I said huh to her. She put snow around me, and then she said, “there is my handsome snowman!” I looked at her and I said “when I break loose from all this snow around me, I will go to my backyard, and I am going to wrestle you in the snow.” Then she said to me, “Come on, and make my day my handsome snowman.” So I broke out of it when I crawled down to my backyard. The snow was over my head. Jennifer went in back of me and pulled me up “next to her body then my back is on her chest so she can hold me, I can walk with her. It took us a while because the snow was up to my butt. When we were out in the backyard, she was holding more than she said, “Are you ready to fall?” I said,” no, I’m not.” She said to me, “too bad because we are falling right now. We fell on our sides and we were laughing. She tried to push the snow away from me so I could crawl around. When she was done with that, she went down on her knees. She said to me, “OK I made the room so we can wrestle in the snowstorm!“ We did that, then she pushed me down because it is easy to do that. I couldn’t move because I was wearing a lot of clothes and I know that she likes to sit on me. When She was sitting on me, she asked about my next story. Please tell me, I will write it so fast. So, I turned her over on her back and I was sitting on her. Well, I would like to tell you about how I came home from Toronto, my life out of school, and Las Vegas.  
We were going back to School 84 from Toronto, it wasn’t a bad ride because I was helping our driver out and I was thinking about Kim. We arrived at School 84 around 1:45 pm; I was the last person on the school bus. I went to the bathroom first before I went to my classroom, when I was done I went in there, went to my classroom. I saw Mr. B. having a meeting with all the students that went on the Toronto trip. He was happy about our trip and that we didn’t have any problems, he had pop and snacks for everyone. I was very thirsty; I had 2 glasses of water. I was thinking about how I am going to have a 70-minute ride to my house and about another 90-minute ride to Camp Chautauqua. I was tired of sitting and riding, so I told Mr. B that I wanted to get out of my chair! I sat on the floor for about 20 minutes before I got back on a different school bus. Mrs. Tonner walked into the classroom when we were relaxing, she asked us, “how was your trip to Toronto?” Everyone said it was amazing to her. I went back to my power wheelchair; I was ready to go home and to Camp Chautauqua. Then my school bus was there so I left school a little early but it wasn't going to help me get home early because the school bus had to make another stop to go to a different school. When I got home, I jumped in the car to go camping in Chautauqua. We did stop for dinner, when we were done with our dinner we went back on the road, we had 40 minutes to go. When we were at our campground, my dad put me on my golf cart. All weekend long I rode my golf cart, my grandparents and my Uncle stopped over for dinner on Saturday and Sunday. We were leaving on Monday afternoon; I was checking my coat pocket for the note that Kim gave me. It wasn’t there; I asked my parents, “Did you take anything out of my coat pocket?” They said no to me, I was so upset. I was checking my coat and I found nothing, I was hoping it fell out in my power wheelchair or on the floor where I was sitting. We were packing up and going home, I checked in the car and it had no paper. When I was riding in the car, I was sad because I was hoping to write to Kim when I got home. Then I was thinking about her all the way home, and then I said to myself, “Why didn't I give her my email.” When we got home, I was checking my power wheelchair. I found nothing. I went upstairs and I crawled to my bedroom and started getting ready for school tomorrow. I took a bath. When I was done with that I went to get on my computer, I was thinking about her until I went to bed. I had a hard time going to sleep, I was thinking about her when she came to us and she thought I was Mr. B’s. son. I laughed and I was thinking about her eyes, her hair and her face and then I fell asleep. It was Tuesday morning, I did my schedule, got dressed, ate, and waited for the school bus. When the school bus came, I asked them, “Did you find any paper on Friday where I was sitting?” They said no to me. I said to myself, “Oh damn.” I know that School 84 was cleaned over the weekend, but now I have no hope of finding it. I was in School 84, I asked Mr. B., “Did you find any paper where I was sitting?” he said to me, “no, why?” I said to him, “Well, I can’t find that paper that girl gave to me.” He said to me, “no Todd. Are you joking?” I said to him, “I’m not joking and I am upset.” He said to me, “I think she liked you and I think if we stayed one more night there, she would have taken you a couple of rounds.” I said to him,” Well, she told me that when I was talking to her when she gave me that paper.” I was disappointed in myself because I don’t know if she was the one for me. There’s nothing I can do now, I went to my classes when I was in school, I was glad school was done for the day. I went home and I was in front of the T.V. and then my mom said to me, “you got mail!” It was Social Security! My mom helped me to open it up. The letter said, “I am getting back pay from them.” I was so surprised by it. I owe my mom money because a few years ago I was 18 and I thought that I would be on Social Security and Medicaid. I was under my dad’s insurance, no one told my parents about Medicaid and social security. I got Medicaid without any problem but Social Security gave us a hard time because I was approved for Social Security and then they said to my parents, “you made too much money so I need everything back.” They put my parents on a monthly plan, my parents told me that Social Security stopped and I have to pay it back. I said to myself, “Social Security is wrong because School 84 had a class on it and I am over 18 years old.” I knew that Mrs. Saran’s daughter is a lawyer and she knows how to fight Social Security. I went to school the next day, I told Mr. B. that I needed to see Mrs. Saran a.s.a.p. It is kind of an emergency. He said all right to me, I went down to her classroom. I told her everything I could; she said to come with me. I did, we went to the principal's office because it had a few rooms with telephones in there. We went into a room and she called her daughter, she said to us, “I will help Todd.” I was glad she was helping me, it took us months. We fought with Social Security, they didn’t want to hear it, and then she told them, “He is 18 years old and he has a disability.” They said, what, to us. They said to us, “hold on a minute.” It felt like 30 minutes, they came back to us. They asked us, “What disability does Todd have?” She said to them, “He has cerebral palsy.” And then they were very quiet for a few minutes, they came to us and they said to us,” Oh I made an error on his file. And he does qualify for Social Security” I said to Mrs. Saran's daughter, “HELLO!” She was laughing and then I said Thank you to her. I was waiting for the letter to come and it took a few weeks. Now I got a letter in my hand and I am going to get Social Security from now on. I paid my parents back, and then my mom wanted me to start paying rent every month. I was fine with it, I wanted to get the dish so I have a few bills under my name for my credit. My mom made sure I had some money every Friday night for pizza or fish fry; she was helping me to learn how to budget. I learned it too quickly; my mom was surprised at how good I was with the money. Every day I was learning how things work, I had an idea. The next day I went to school and I asked Mr. B. about Phantom of the Opera tickets because I wanted to go to see them again and I think my parents would like to go to see them too. I bought the tickets and then I waited for Christmas to give them the tickets. They were so excited and surprised; we went around springtime. We took the bus to Toronto and came back the same day. We had time to go to the mall. We ate lunch and then we walked around the mall. The play started at 8 pm. We had dinner before the play. When we were done with our dinner we walked over to the theater and we were a little early. I showed them where I bought their t-shirt. We went into the room; I was looking around the room and waiting for the show to start. Then the lights went down, it was starting. I was watching everything I could because the first time I saw it I was a jerk, I wanted to understand it more. When the Phantom of the Opera was done, my parents said it was a beautiful play to me. I said to them, “I love it.” We were walking out of the theater and we saw our bus. We went on the bus, we got home after 12 am and I had to go to school that morning. I went to school, my mom wanted me to stay home that day. I said no to her, I am going to school today and I was fine. I went to school and I was helping Graduates because next year is my turn to Graduate. I watched what they were doing, I was hoping that I could do it better. I was going to Graduate because my best friend Graduated, so I wanted to be there for my best friend. My mom took me to the Graduation at School 84. I was sad because my best friend is leaving me and I know that I wouldn’t get to see my best friend because I live too far from everything and I am going to have no one to hang out with me at school next year. 
I had my summer down at Camp Chautauqua, I rode around my golf cart and I had a big 21st-birthday party. I was getting drunk but I had a few days left of summer because I agreed to stay in school for an extra year. They asked me to stay in school. They wanted to make sure I got everything before I leave. I stayed in School 84 because it was family to me. It was a very long year and it was best for me; I don’t like our new principal because I feel that She doesn’t want to open up to anything but I continued to do what I was doing. In February my parents, my grandma, my niece, and I went to Disney for 5 days. It was the best time of my life. I went on the rides. We hadn’t had any problems there because they made the park handicapped accessible, so we could do everything but some things I couldn’t do so my dad helped me. I wanted to go on some rides that weren't for the handicapped. It was a little cool but we had so much fun, but we didn’t see everything. All I remembered about that trip was that I stayed with my grandma, for dinner I had fish fry every night, and I was watching my niece's face when she went on kid rides. We had to go back home then I had to go back to school. When I was back at school. They made me the President of the Graduate's class; I had a good idea but they want to do it how they did it years before. Last year I went to my good friends’ graduation so I can get a few ideas. I wanted to do a graduation ring, but they said no. I want us to wear a gown, they said no to that too. I changed the music for graduation, first, they said no, no, no, then I said to them, “listen to it before you say no!” It was a song from Aladdin called “A Whole New World”. I picked that song because we are graduating from this school and out there is a whole new world to us. They had 1980s songs and they are good songs but it is time for changes. I was sad because we didn’t have a gown or cap, my sister and brother had one. Our Graduates trip was to Toronto again. We saw Phantom of the Opera. It was going to be my third time but it was different this time because I was 21. Some teachers took me out, it was a nice little break from the other students. We went to places to talk. They were glad I am graduating this year because they don’t think that they’re going to be on any more graduation trips. Some teachers are leaving in a few years and new teachers don’t want to do it and we are getting older.  Then I heard that my transportation for School 84 was here and they took me home, they were Alden school transportation. The Alden school wanted me to Graduate with them, so I got a gown and cap to wear. I knew a person there from Camp Chautauqua. I was very scared but I was happy because I got my wish. When I graduated from School 84, I was sad because I was hoping that I stayed there to get a job there, I wanted to stay there to help children with their devices, I would like to go to classrooms with them, I would sit and watch them and I could make notes on my device, but it didn’t happen. I was disappointed because I was hoping they would ask me and I went there for 14 years. So I went to the workshop, they have a little office for me with a computer; I had the same setup when I was going to the business office doing Medicaid billing for them. They did hire me; they are going to send me to work at the workshop. We had problems; sometimes the modem was not working or the fax machine was down. So I sat there for weeks with nothing to do, they would say to me, “Maybe tomorrow you can start.” That was starting to get old because I heard it over a month ago. When it was up and running, I thought that I was doing a good job. I was making very good money. I was making $8.67 an hour. Then workshop people wanted to add a timer on them and me so I have the right pay. I didn’t use my system, I made it for myself because I knew what they were doing, I thought it was a joke and not fair!  When they were done with it, I was making $1.27 a page! I wasn’t happy about it because sometimes a page has 50 accounts on a page; it was taking me 40 minutes to do them. A few times I was lucky because a page has 4 accounts on a page. The workshop wasn’t happy about that because they were paying me $1.27 a page. I was doing 5 pages a day but now I am doing 62 pages a day. I was making $78.74 a day, I was happy. Then I had no more work for me to do, I sat there for 2 weeks with nothing to do. So I asked my staff, “what is going on?” My staff said to me, “Oh you got fired!” I looked at him, I said what? Why? Then he told me that I made too many mistakes when I did it. I didn’t understand it because I made the system on my device so if I had 8 of returns and 4 of tabs. I programmed my device to do it so I hit a key; it does 8 returns or 4 tabs. It was faster for me. It did work when I left School 84! So I asked him again why I got fired? He said your mistakes! I said so I made mistakes all these years I did them and why they hired me if I made mistakes. I would like you to ask them, where were the mistakes and I would like to learn my mistakes but I did it for 4 years. He said no to me and you got fired from there.  So I got no job and I am still going to the workshop and I didn’t like it. I was sitting there all day, and then my staff was not nice to me. I didn’t like him. I tried it for months, then I said to them that I was tired of going there and sitting there. When I said that, they didn’t like that so they tried to say, “It is your job.” Then I said to them, “It is my job, where is my paycheck?” Now, they changed their story, now it is a program for me when I was done in school but you can put the jewelry box together. It was a joke because when I did 100 of them, it paid out 62¢ for 100. I did that for a little while; I did 300 boxes a day if they had them. Sometimes the orders didn’t come in yet or no order that day, day, or week. When they don’t have any jewelry boxes or anything. They would Let the workers watch movies. I thought it was nice to do that. Sometimes I thought it was a children's movie. When I didn’t like a movie, I went around the workshop. It had a lot of people in there and there were 5 people in control of everything. I like going around the workshop. I found a person was on the floor and they didn’t see him so I yelled for someone. They did come over and they said thank you to me. I said to myself if I wasn’t going around in the workshop. How long is he going to lay there? I was sick of it and I was pissed because when I graduated from School 84 the next day I was going to the workshop and it was summer; I was hoping to have summer vacation. I wasn’t a happy person there because it wasn’t me. I had fun when I was going home and going to the workshop, I did get to know my drivers, and I had a lot of drivers. They would joke around with me; one's driver was the owner of transportation. I didn’t know he was the owner; I was fussing about transportation because I can’t fix a few of their vans. Sometimes they brought a van that was too small so I couldn’t fit in the van or the lift didn’t work and came at different times. So I didn’t go to the workshop because I didn’t care about it but I heard from the workshop. They said that I couldn’t take off anytime I felt like it. The driver said to me I’m sorry. I looked at him in a funny way, he looked at me and said to me that he was the owner. It was quite a few minutes, and then he said to me, “I know that we have a lot of problems and we are fixing it and I am your driver until I go back to Florida. So I asked him, “When are you going back?” He said Oh after Thanksgiving. Over a few months, the driver and I became best friends and we talked about everything. He would like to ask me about his ideas and I told him what I thought. He was listening to me. But my mind was thinking about my mom and my grandmother going to Las Vegas because my mom’s very best friend is going to Las Vegas because her daughter is having a wedding there so my mom and my grandmother were going to it. The driver asked me what was wrong? I told him about my mom and my grandmother going to Las Vegas and It sucks here at the workshop all I do is sit around. I felt like I didn't have my life. Now all I am doing is going to a workshop to sit around or staying home. He said to me, “I know, I know buddy, what do you like to do?” I said to him, “I love to be outside when it is nice and hot outside.” He said to me, “try to go outside to go walk around. Few days passed by and I was so sick of sitting inside when it was nice outside. That day I was so pissed off. I told them, “Can I go outside to ride outside a little bit. They were shocked and tried to stop me, and then I said to them, “are you paying me to sit here? Then the big boss came out of her office. They tried their best to stop me and they said to me, “you need someone to go with me.” I said to them, “excuse me, I don’t need anyone to go with me. It is 10 o’clock, see you at 11:45 am for lunchtime and I am going outside after lunch. So I found the park, I sat there and watched people. I am happier; I came back to the workshop 5 minutes early. I knew they were not happy with me but I don’t care. So after lunch, the boss wanted to see me. I went to her office; she tried to say that I couldn’t do that. Then I said to her, “why can’t I? You know that I have my independence to do this, and if you want someone to go with me, they have to wear the right stuff.” I know she was thinking of something to say but She couldn’t so I said to her, “I am going outside and to ride around. See you around 2 pm.” When I was coming back from my walk, I saw my van was there. I was back at 2 o’clock, I got 30 minutes to go then I can leave there. When I got in my van, I told my driver what I did. He said to me, “I saw you and I'm happy for you.” I said Thank you to him. So I am going to ride every day if they don’t have jewelry boxes. I stayed to do them only in the morning. A few weeks went by, I got home and went to my bedroom to check my emails. My mom called for me to come to her, I crawled out to her. She said to me, “Do you want to go to Las Vegas with me?” I was in shock and excitement. I said yes to her! I asked my mom, “why isn't your grandmother going?” She said to me, “She doesn’t want to leave your grandfather and you’re Uncle. She changed her ticket to you.” I looked at my mom for a few minutes, and then I asked my mom to hit me. Did she say why? I said to her, “Please do it.” So she did it. I said to her, “Ok I’m not dreaming all this!” It was 3 weeks away. I crawled back to my bedroom and went on my computer. I was checking my spreadsheet to see how much I can bring with me. It wasn’t a lot but I had $250 in my special account my mom got for me, so we are going for 4 days. It is $62.50 a day; we have to eat so I know Las Vegas is a gambling town. Maybe I can spend $20 a day to eat? So I have $42.50 for a fun time and I know I will get to pay from the workshop but it isn’t a lot but it is $11 more than I had. I was playing with my spreadsheet to find more money than it is dinnertime, I asked my mom. How much do I need? She said to me, “I don’t know but you need some money for food and events.” I said OK to her. Plus, I was thinking about tomorrow because I have to tell workshop people that I need some days off; I knew that they are going to have a cow over this. The next day I told my driver that I am going to Las Vegas at the end of August. He was happy for me. When I got to the workshop, I was a little scared but I waited for the end of the day to tell them. So I did and told them that I found out last minute that I am going to Las Vegas at the end of August. They said to me, “You don’t have any vacation days left. I said to them, “what and huh.” They tried to say ``when you are starting a job, you don't have vacation days and transportation problems, you have to take days off.” I said to them, “I’m sorry but I am going to Las Vegas! I got fired without information! The transportation wasn’t my fault and you knew that! Then you said this is a program, so I don’t see any problem here.” I wanted to say to them, are you coming to the airport to stop me but I didn’t because I was waiting for their hard time. Then they said to me, “fine! Go ahead! How many days do you need?” I said 5 days, Thank you to them. I was saying to my head, I am going to Las Vegas. I am going to Las Vegas. 
We stayed outside for good while the snowfall was harder. Then Jennifer said to me, “Let’s go back in the house because I am cold and I want to put these stories in your book. So, I was starting to crawl to go back out to the deck. I couldn’t because the snow was too deep and it was wet snow. I am cold and wet; Jennifer is shoving me a pathway so I can crawl on deck then go into the house. I was kind of scared because the snow was still falling and it was gray outside. I didn’t tell Jennifer I was scared so I kept crawling. When I was on my deck, I saw Martha; she was sitting on the kitchen window and watching us. When we got into the house, I was happy we were in my house but it isn’t easy but we did it and we are safe now. I was sitting on the floor and the snow was melting off of me, Jennifer was undressing in front of me. She was so wet and cold then she said to me, “hold on, I am coming.” I knew She was trying to get to me as fast as she could. I said to her, “take your time.” I was freezing and I felt that my clothes were cold and wet; I was still watching Jennifer undress. When she got her t-shirt and underpants on her, she said to me, “I am going to get a few towels for you and I am getting dressed.” I said okay to her, so she went to the bathroom to get a few towels. It was a few minutes but I didn't care because I knew She would come back for me. When she came from the bathroom, she was wearing a t-shirt and shorts. The floor is wet from all the smelt snow that smells from us. She got a mop from downstairs so she can clean some up so she can get me. I was starting to gag; she asked me, “Are you okay?” I said to her, “yes I am OK. When I am very cold, I start gagging.” She wiped all the snow in front of me, and then she went down on her knees. I was shaking. She said to me, ``Oh honey I’m sorry.” I said to her, “for what? You don’t have to be sorry. I’m sorry for the messes.” Then she said to me, “we made a mess together!” When she was talking, she took off my snow pants and snow jacket. I was gagging more and shaking more, she said to me, “I have to undress you because your clothes were very wet and I had a hard time taking my clothes off. I said ok to her; so, she started to take my shirt off. It was very hard taking it off but we did it. She wiped me dry but my pants were on and wet, she asked me, “What do you want me to do here?” I said to her, “Well, I am going to try to take my pants off myself in the kitchen.” She said okay to me but I am here to help you. I said OK to her, and she walked out of the kitchen. I got up to my knees, then I put my hands on my pants then I held them. I was trying to pull them down, I couldn’t then I am trying, trying and trying! Then Jennifer walked into the kitchen with my power wheelchair, towels, sock, and my underwear. She said to me, “I guess. You can’t take it off yourself.” I looked at her and I said no. She said to me, “go in your power wheelchair and stand up in your power wheelchair and I am going to put a towel over your (man part) and I am going to be a good girl this time.” She looked up at me and she was smiling. She put the towel over me then her hands are under the towel, she put her hands on the sides of me. She is trying to pull it down, it was very hard to do but she did it. Now I was wearing only towels, I went to the living room in my power wheelchair. When Jennifer was cleaning up the smell of snow, I was talking to myself in my head. I should jump out of the power wheelchair then go get dressed or wait and see what happens next? She has my sock and underwear, so I drove my wheelchair into the kitchen. Then she looked at me and said “Hi, handsome. I am coming to put your sock on for you and write these stories you told me when we were outside and playing around. I said OK to her. I went back to the living room and waited for her to come; it was a few mins anyway. She went on the couch and turned on the laptop then she called me over. I went over to her. She said to me, “Please give me your feet so I can put your socks on. I put my foot on her soft legs; she did put my socks on. I feel so better when I have my socks on, she got the laptop then She was writing the stories. I stayed in my power wheelchair because I had a towel over me. Then she looked at me, she asked me to come over to sit by her on the couch; I looked at her and said to her, “I would love to sit next to you but if I move my body then the towel will fall off of me.” She looked at me and said to me, “come on, it isn’t a big deal! I would like to cuddle more and write more.” I looked at her then I put my power wheelchair next to the couch and Jennifer was holding the towel for me. So, it won’t fall off me when I am going to sit on the couch. When I was sitting on the couch, Jennifer went off the couch and moved my power wheelchair away from the couch. Then she looked at me, and asked me if I was hungry. I said to her, “yes I am, please help yourself with anything you want.” She went to the kitchen. When she was in the kitchen, I went to my top spot to sit because I knew she wanted to cuddle. Then she came out of the kitchen; do you want me to make lasagna for dinner? I said to her, “Oh yeah! It sounds good.” She said to me, “Ok, I am going to make it but I would like to listen to the Las Vegas trip on your device then I can write it on my laptop faster.” She put my device next to the couch when she went to the kitchen, I got off the couch and sat on the floor and made sure my towel was over me when I was starting to use it and I was speaking to her. 
I was using my device to tell Jennifer about Las Vegas, she was in the kitchen making lasagna for us. I started my device, I played so Jennifer heard it. I started off by saying, it was a hot summer day and I was coming from the workshop. I got in the house that night. I told my mom that I had taken 5 days off at the workshop; she said nothing to me because she knows I’m not happy there. We were leaving on Thursday morning and coming home on Sunday. Really, I need 2 days from there but I need a little break there and I wanted a joyful little summer too. I went to my workshop up until Wednesday before we left, my mom went to the bank for me. She gave me money and I had it in my own bank account plus I didn’t have to take any money out of my special account. I changed things on the spreadsheet so I have more money for the Las Vegas trip. Then she said to me, “I got something for you from your grandmother, grandfather, and Uncle, it is a little extra cash for us. I am holding on for you.” I am so happy and I went on my computer, I sent them an email. It said Thank you about 20 times. It was a very long night for me because I was excited; the airplane was leaving at 6 am. I was up at 3 o’clock getting ready. I was ready to go. I did fly before to go to Philadelphia, I went to see my sister and my niece by myself. It was a little scary because it was the first time I was flying alone. When I got to my sister’s place I went to take a shower soon as I could. So this time I got my mom with me, we left our house at 4 o’clock. We got there by 40 minutes; we went to get our tickets and put our bags through check-in. We had to go through security, my mom had it easy because she can go in the machine to check her but I had a security person have to check me out. The first question he asked me was, “Can I walk?” I said no and smiled at him but I was thinking if I can walk, why Am I in a wheelchair? When I was thinking that, I was looking around and I saw people were in a wheelchair but they could stand up and walk a little. I understood why he asked me that but I was in my wheelchair. He put his wand behind me and ran down my body. It is a little uncomfortable for me but He was doing his job, I was thinking that I wish that woman could do it. I know they can't do it but it would be nice, then I would like to fly every day. When he was done with me, he pushed my wheelchair to my mom. Then we went to our gate when she was pushing me there. I was watching people, there were a lot of people at the airport. We were at our gate, I was sitting with my mom and I was looking at the people in our area. It had a few hot girls in there, my mom was hitting me so I stopped looking at girls. So I didn’t stop looking at girls, I told my mom that I was looking around. She said, “Okay, Todd. Whatever. I think your eyes are tired so close them.” I said nooo to her. She laughed and said, “It is going to be a long 4 days with you!” I looked at my mom in a funny way and said why? She said to me, “always looking at girls.” I said to her, “I am 21 years old and I would like to have someone in my life.” She said to me, “You aren’t old yet, you have a lot of time left.” I was starting to look at her, and then the person from the gate came over to us. He said to us, “Are you ready to go on the airplane? My mom said yes to him, we were the first people to board the airplane. I got a window seat, and my mom sat next to me. She said to me, “I got a window seat going home from Las Vegas.” I rolled my eyes at her, then I began watching all the people coming into the airplane. A few girls looked at me so they smiled at me and said hi to me. Then my mom said to me, ``do you know that we are flying about 6 hours but we will get there around 10 o’clock.” I looked at her, it was only 4 hours, and she said Las Vegas is 3 hours behind us so now it is 6 o’clock here. Then it is 3 am. So, my mom had a few bloody marys, so I went to sleep for a little while. I did wake up a few times because I felt my ears close up. I had trouble hearing things, and then my mom put food in my mouth. She said to eat it, it will help pop your ears. She was right but it was painful. Oh my God, I thought I had an earache but I didn’t. I said to myself Thank God. I heard that we are 20 minutes away from Las Vegas; I was starting to get excited. I was looking out a window, all I could see out there was tan brown and it had a lot of buildings everywhere, then we landed at Las Vegas’s airport but we had to wait for everyone to get off the airplane before we could leave there. When we did, we had to go to get our bags and to get the bus to go to our hotel. The bus took us to our hotel, then my mom checked in, and we went to our room. The bellboy came with our bags then my mom unpacked a little stuff then she said to me, “Are you ready to go on a walk?” I said sure to her but she pushed my wheelchair everywhere. We went outside, it was hot outside. We saw hotels, hotels, and hotels. We can go in there to walk around or eat there or go to the bathroom. We heard outside is 107 degrees; I feel it is different hot because I was comfortable but I am hot at 83 degrees in my hometown. I said to my mom, “It is different heat.” She said to me, “I am hot and the back of my shirt is wet because I am pushing you.” So we walked around everywhere and I saw a lot of things, I was shocked. I wished that I had a power wheelchair so it would be easier for my mom. That day we went about 10 miles on her feet, then at night time we went to have dinner then we gambled a little and walked more. The first night we were there, we didn’t go to bed until after 1 o’clock in the morning. It was our vacation, did we think that we could sleep in? We didn’t, we were up before 9 o’clock. We looked at each other, let’s go to eat our breakfast then sit in the pool area. We got dressed and we went to eat our breakfast then when we were done, we went to the pool area, it had few people in there and it was hot outside. We wanted to wait to do gambling at nighttime and I have a budget each day anyway, we want to enjoy it. My mom told me that tomorrow we are going to the wedding!  I said ok to her. We sat in the pool area; we didn’t go swimming but we wanted to get a little sunburn. We stayed out there for 90 minutes; we went back to the hotel to get cooled off. Then my mom said to me, “Let’s go to the mall.” I said why not, to her so she started pushing me. It was a very, very long walk to the mall. It was 116 degrees and we were walking in that heat. Then we were in a very bad area, I felt that my wheelchair was going a little faster. It took us 80 minutes to get there, when we were at the mall my mom sat down for a while and we were taking a taxi to go back to our hotel! I said to her, “why?” She gave me the eye and to make a grrr noise. Then I said WHAT! In a joking way. She laughed and I was so funny. Let's go to look around, we saw people were gambling in the mall. We stayed there until dinnertime, we took a taxi back to our hotel but we walked to a fast food place to eat. We ate a hamburger and French fries and strawberry milkshake; we were very hungry because we wanted to save our money for gambling. After dinner, we went gambling and to the slot machines, they liked to eat our money. We lost sometimes and won sometimes but we didn’t win big but it was fun, we did it every night to play slots machines. We went to the wedding, it was different and fast and it was fun. I said to myself, if I met a nice girl, I want to be able to give her the best wedding because she is letting me come in her life. We went to our room to pack up our stuff because we are going home tomorrow night. When we were done with our stuff, we went downstairs and went on a walk because it was our last night to be there, we did play some slot machines too. Then my mom won $733, she said to me, “I am going to keep it for your grandmother, grandfather, and Uncle because they gave us money so we could have fun and you can keep your money. I was so happy that night for my mom and me because I am keeping my money. We went back to our room, we went to sleep but I didn’t because I didn't want to go home. Then I thought about the workshop. It made me sick thinking about it. I said to myself; I have 3 more days left until I have to go back. I did fall to sleep after a while, but I was rolling in my bed. The morning we got ready for the day, my mom was checking everything before she called for the bellboy to come to get our bag. We went downstairs to check out our room then my mom said to me, “ok, we have about 10 hours left before we leave.” I smiled at her and said to her, “It is up to you.” She said to me, “Let’s go back to the place where I won that money.” I said yes to her, so we went back to our slot machine and my mom said to me, “if we win anything, we are going to a nice restaurant for dinner.” I said to her, “I agree!” we took out $20 each for us; I let my mom go first. She played it and she was -$5. Then it was my turn, I was playing a little while, I like to take my time. I was up by $30; my $20 was done so it is my mom's turn. She played and she won $50. We took turns with each other and we had $164 more; so we went to the best dinner we had. I said to my mom, “We have to come to Las Vegas again.” She said we will and we did, we went a little longer and we went to see more shows. We lost our shirts off when we played slots machines but we had fun. 
Martha was laying on the back of the couch when I was sitting on the floor to use my device telling Jennifer about Las Vegas. Then I looked up, I saw Jennifer was standing in the hallway and she looked at me, she said to me, “can I ask you something? I don’t know how to ask you this.” I said to her, “You can ask me anything you want.” She said to me, “I would like to go back to the workshop and about your job because I don’t understand something, I am hoping you will help me with this.” I said sure to her, and then I asked her, “What is it?” Then she started saying to me, “I don’t understand about the workshop, why they fired you at that job.” I said to her, “I don’t know why I was fired without information and I think it was wrong what they did but I felt that maybe I did make mistakes all year I didn’t know about it. I felt that they made mistakes and they said I did it.” She said to me, “something isn’t right.” Then I said to her, “I know, I know but I asked what mistakes I made then they didn’t tell me.” She asked me,” Who were they?” I said, “Oh, workshop people.” Then she asked me, “Did you call that place you used to work at.” I said to her, “I wanted to call there but the workshop said no.” Jennifer shook her head then she walked back into the kitchen. Then she said something from the kitchen, “I will be done in a few minutes. I will sit out there with you.” I said ok to her, I said to myself, it is a good idea to go on the couch now. Then I looked around to make sure she wasn't coming then I got up to sit on the couch. My towel fell off of me then I looked up to look down the hallway, she was still in the kitchen. I said to myself, “Thank God.” Then I picked up my towel, then I went to my spot, and then I saw Jennifer coming in front of me. I was sitting at my spot on the couch. She was done cooking and we can cuddle because I want to steal somebody's heat from her. She came out with a bag of potato chips, a few candies, and my special cup. Then she stopped and looked at me and she said to me, “Oh you are sitting in your spot, I guess you are ready to cuddle again.” Then I smiled at her and I said yes to her but I forgot I am wearing only a towel around me but I don’t know how I am going to do it because I know she wants to lay on me like before. I had pants on before; the pants were helping me to have some cushioning when she was sitting on me. What am I going to do now? Oh shit! I saw her coming in front of me, and then she stopped, she went down on her knee she was facing in front of me. She put everything down next to the couch next to me and then she got the laptop and put it on the couch. And then she put her hands on my legs; she said to me, “the lasagna is cooking. Are you ready to go back to writing or Do you want to play Uno with me?” I said to her, “Let’s play Uno!” I know that we have to play at the table. So, I tried to get my underpants but she got it first. She said to me, “give your legs to me.” I put my legs up so she can put my underpants on for me. I said to her that I could put it on myself; she said to me, “I know you can but I want to help you, is it ok?” I said to her, “yeah.” Because I have been crazy for her for years, I knew her and we are here by ourselves in the middle of the snowstorm, why not. Jennifer started taking her shirt off before the cop came, anyway now she got a t-shirt on and shorts and I am in a towel. When I was thinking all this in my head, she was putting my underpants on my legs. I was looking at her, and when she saw that I was looking at her. She smiled at me, she asked me, “what are you thinking about?” I didn’t answer her quickly. I should have, I don’t want to because I imagined what would have happened if the cop didn’t stop to check on me. Then she asked me again, “What are you thinking about?” I couldn't tell her that I was thinking about her starting to take her shirt off before the cop came, then I said to her, “I was thinking about when I got fired from that place. I remembered it like yesterday, I was sad and hurt by It.” my underpants were over my kneecap, she said, “ok I need to take a towel off of you.” I looked at my towel then her then towel then her again. She said to me, “Do you remember how I took your wet clothes off of you from wet snow.” I said yes to her. Then she said to me, “I am going to put my hands on the outside of your legs then I am going to look up then you take your towel off or open it. What is easy for you.” I said to her, “I am going to open it because I am sitting on a towel too.” Then she said okay to me and I will count to 3, I am looking up and you are opening your towel up. I said ok to her then she started to count, 1,   2,   3. She is looking up and her hand is holding my underpants, I am taking my left hand to open my towel. I said ok to her, she started to try to pull my underpants up to my area. I need to push off the floor so my behind is off of the couch and the towel. I am starting to push off the floor with my feet but I have only socks on. I am having a hard time because my feet are sliding on the floor. I am sliding off the couch too; she was still holding on to my underpants so I thought of an idea. I was falling off the couch and she had my underpants, so I didn’t want to try to stop sliding off the couch because I was trying to make it easy for both of us. When I was sliding off the couch, my underpants were on me but in a very, very uncomfortable way and when I fell on the floor, she fell too. She was sitting on me; I was sitting on the floor and my underpants were uncomfortable on me. I can’t see if I am ok down there because she is sitting on me. When she was sitting on me, she asked me, “Are you ok?” I looked at her and said to myself, “Well, I am hoping my underpants are over my area, number one. Number two I know that you have short on and number three if we moved the wrong way. Then I said to her, “yep I am fine.” I asked her to get my towel for me, she did that for me. So, I said to her, “I need to take my towel over my underpants.” Then she had a disappointed face on, then she jumped off of me, she was walking in the kitchen. She got her hands over her eyes.  I did fix my underpants, then I heard that She was crying. So, I crawled out of the kitchen, I said to her, “please look at me.” she said to me, “NO TODD. I CAN’T.” I said to her again, “please look at me.” she said WHY! I said to her, “because I need to tell you something.” She said to me, “ok but I need to ask you something first.” I said sure to her. She turned around and she was crying. I said to her, “why are you crying?” she went on her knees, she asked me, “Did you have anyone move on you?” I said to her, “no, I wished.” Then I looked at her and said to her, “come here, I would like to hug you.” She came over to me and gave me a hug when we were hugging. I put my head on her and I was talking to myself. I know she wants me but I need her to wait until after dinner because I can’t now. Then she asked me to look at her, I stopped hugging her. I said to her, “can I tell you something?” she said to me, “sure and I apologize for crying.” I said to her, “You don’t have to apologize to me for anything, I don’t want you to feel like I am making a move on you and I don’t want to make you uncomfortable.” She said to me, “Oh Todd. I am wearing only a t-shirt and small shorts for you.” Then I said to her, “I like that but I’m not a guy to make moves on girls because sometimes girls like to tease guys and I learned my mistakes. I will play around with girls but when I am on second or third base with any girls, I am getting scared or stressed. Can you wait for a few chapters for me please” She said to me, “Ok, I will wait for a few chapters but you don’t have to be scared or stressed, Todd, you know me and I am here for you.” I said to her,” you will understand everything when we do my stories about a girl, she hurt me so much. It is in the back of my head but I want to move forward with you.” Then she hugged me, she said to me, “I wish that every guy was caring and thoughtfully the same as you, the first day I met you. You were a nice guy I met.” I picked up tissue for her and was trying to wipe her tears down her face, but I couldn’t because I was afraid that I was going to hit her then her hand was holding my arm. She said to me, “I know what you want to do and I will help you.” So, she helped me to wipe her tears off her. I felt special because of it. Then I said to her, “come with me.” We went to the couch; she was sitting on the couch and I was sitting on the floor still because it is easier to do things then I said to her, “I wish that I can do everything a guy can do.” Then she stopped me then she said to me, “Todd, you are so special to me, you know how to make a girl feel good about herself. When I am with you, it feels amazing because you know how to make me smile, cry and laugh. Always, you try to be careful around me and I love that about you.” I said back to her, “Well, I tried to make you feel special because I like you a lot and I’m not rich, I want to show you what love is.” Then she went off the couch, she was sitting on the floor next to me. she said to me, “I will wait for you when you are ready but we need some fun too.” I said to her, “Thank you and I agree we need fun too.” We looked each other in the eyes and we stayed there a few minutes and we didn’t move, then Martha jumped between us. I looked at Martha, she was looking at me then she ran off like no tomorrow. Jennifer and I were laughing and playing with her. Jennifer went to the bathroom, I jumped back to my spot. Jennifer walked out of the bathroom and she saw me, she said to me, “Oh you are sitting in your spot, can we change that because I would like to try something different.” I said to myself, “Oh boy, what she is thinking now.” I said sure to her. She asked me, “can I sit in your spot then you should lay on me.” I said sure to her but I was saying to myself, “How Do I do this?” I went off the couch, she came and sat where I was and put the laptop on the floor. I looked at her and I was asking myself, “where Do I put my head? Do I put it on her arm or her chest or her boob?” She is ready for me to lay on her. I jumped on the couch; she has one leg on the couch rather than a different leg on the side of the couch. I started to fall back, then she said go ahead and fall back to me. I said to myself, “Oh my God. I am trying to be good here!” She said to me, “I am ready for you.” I was falling as slow as I could because I didn't want to hurt her. She was helping me to get comfortable. She was being patient with me, she put my head between her boobs. I said to myself, “I can’t move around at all.” Then I was thinking about Liz, I was laying on her. It isn’t any different here and I have to relax.” Then she moved to get the laptop, I put my head up so she could get the laptop easier. When she got it, she said to me, “Thank you and you can put your head back down.” I did that and it is in the same spot I had it. she said to me, “where do we go from here?” I would like to tell you that my parents give me more independence.
I have been going to the workshop for about 2 years now. I hated it because I was going to sit there or I could do jewelry boxes. How exciting is that, it isn’t because I want more. They were trying everything but I wasn’t happy, I was going on a field trip a few times out of the week from the workshop. So, I went shopping for myself, sometimes I could buy things for my family for their birthday and Christmas. If I need some snacks at a workshop, it helps me with my budget and to make a list of what I need. It would help my day to go faster. Still, I’m not happy because I know that it isn’t for me because I want a job and that isn’t just making jewelry boxes. Every day I put a happy face on and I am hoping that one day is going to be better. Well, my dad’s vacation off is coming up very soon and he has a week off. So, I asked the workshop if I could take a week off. They said to me, “You can’t take a week off because you have no days left.” I was very shocked because I thought they would give it to me because I was helping them out. I said to myself, “that is fine!” I wasn’t a happy person that day. I said ok to them but I had to stay back from my favorite place. I couldn't go to my summer home in Chautauqua and I couldn’t drive my golf cart. My parents said to me, “Well, you have to stay home I guess and your sister is going to come to feed you.” I said fine to them. I stayed home by myself for a few hours before and it wasn't a big deal, now I have this house by myself and I got my sister a few minutes away from me. I was upset at my parents anyway because they started the paperwork for a group home. I don’t want to go; I think it would be a nice break from them. Before my parents left for their vacation, we had a very bad rainstorm. Our basement was flooded by rain, they had to clean up everything before they left but everything was wet. It needed to air out, the house was open for days, and the basement was still wet. They asked me to do this for them, keep the house open so it can get dry. I said ok to them. Our basement had 2 doorways, so in the back of the basement, it has a door but I can’t get to it and that door can go outside and animals come into our basement. I wasn’t comfortable leaving it open down there. Other doors are through our garage; it has some air going through there. They went on their vacation; I am home all alone by myself and I thought it was amazing. They left me in the morning; I was fed for a day then they said to me,” your sister is coming around dinner time.” I said ok to them. I said to myself, “today is Saturday.” I went to my bedroom because I have everything in there, I had a TV, V.C.R and my computer in there. It was kind of like a small apartment for me, I liked it because it was my space. I had a lot of movies because my Uncle tapes every movie he can and I had over 200 tapes. But I went on my computer for a little bit; I waited for the afternoon to go outside. I went downstairs and jumped in my power wheelchair and I went outside. I couldn't leave my house because it was open, so I stayed around the house. I stayed outside for a few hours, so I was getting bored. I went upstairs and I went to the bathtub, I turned on a faucet and then I put my head under the faucet and I was drinking water out of a faucet. I went to my room until my sister came, she asked me if I wanted to go to her apartment until Sunday night. I said sure to her because it would save a trip for her. We closed everything up, we went to her place, and she lived in a light blue apartment. It was a nice place. I said to myself, “I would like to have her apartment”. Why can't Medicaid give me an aide to help me out in the daytime? I knew that I could do it, but my parents left me in their house for a week. I am going to be 27. Now, I have to go to the group home.” I closed my eyes, I said to myself, “I wish that someday, I am going to have a place on my own.” When I was done talking to myself. A few minutes later, my sister brought her boyfriend and I met him. I thought he was cool, and then I met his son too. I had fun; I learned that her boyfriend's dad likes to do baseball cards. He said to me, “bring your baseball cards, and then I will help you.” I said ok to him. We ate our dinner and we went outside because it was a nice night out. I went to bed after 1 am but I didn’t sleep so well. It was Sunday, I played with my niece all day and I saw her boyfriend and his son again, they were hanging out with me. I went home after dinner and then we were at my parent's house. She checked everything for me and the basement too; she put all the fans down in the basement. When she was doing that, I went to my bedroom and then I put my fan on in my bedroom. Then I crawled out to the kitchen, and my sister was making my lunch for the workshop tomorrow. She gave me a drink before she left me for the night. She said to me, “be safe, and if you need anything. Call me!” Then I said to her, “I will and See you tomorrow morning around 7 am.” It was kind of early to go to bed; I went on my computer to check on my emails. I had my T.V. I was listening to it. Then I saw the time, I said to myself, “I have to go to bed because tomorrow is back to workshop. Yea, I am so excited. NOT!” I went to bed around 10 o’clock, I was up at 6 o’clock. I got dressed and went into the bathroom; I was waiting for my sister to come to feed me then She had to leave at 7:50 am then my transportation came around 8:15 am. I am doing fine. When I got to the workshop, I didn’t feel like sitting in there because it was a beautiful day outside. So, I went in there and told them that I am here and I am going to walk around. They said ok to me, I went to the park for a few hours and watched people. I went back in for lunch then after lunch I was back outside again, it was my schedule for summertime. They were happy to get money from Medicaid and I was happy because I was outside and they were feeding me my lunch. When it was time for me to go home, my driver was so nice to me. he knew I was staying home by myself so he opened the garage door for me and he took my device off my wheelchair, I know It isn’t his job but he did it anyway because he wants to make sure I was safe. I did it for a few days, but by Wednesday night I heard the rain was coming down hard. I was thinking about the basement, I asked myself, “Should I go downstairs to look? If I went down there, what would I do? I know that I don’t play with power in the water.” I stayed in my bedroom and hoped for the best, I wasn’t scared but I know the water is deadly if the power got in the water. I waited for Thursday morning so my sister could come by and she said, “Oh no!” The basement is full of water again; we can’t do anything now because my sister had to go to work and I couldn't stay home. My sister said to me, “after work I have to take the water out of the basement and feed you.” I said to my sister, “I am going to stay home tomorrow so I need a large breakfast.” She said ok to me, I told my driver that I’m not going tomorrow. He said ok to me, I didn’t tell workshop people that I am taking a day off tomorrow because I knew them. I said to myself, “They are lucky that I am here today!” I did what I do every day, I got a very nice tangoing. When I got back home, the driver opened the garage door and put my device on the floor for me. I was trying to open the second garage door so I'd have more air going to the basement. He opened it for me and he said to me, “See you on Monday.” I said ok to him. When my sister came home from her job, I saw her boyfriend was there. He brought dinner for us to eat and after we ate our dinner, he was helping my sister with the basement. I thought he was a nice guy, they stayed late. When they went home, I said to myself, “tomorrow I am home all day and the weekend too, I am hoping that the basement is dry for my parents.” I watched some T.V. for a little while. Then I went to bed, I got up 10 minutes before my sister came. We had leftovers from our dinner last night so I ate that, then she left me for the day then I went to my bedroom to call the workshop and tell them that I am sick and I’m not coming today. They said ok to me. I went on the computer then I opened a word processor then I was making a list about my life. I worked on it for a few hours; it was helping me be busy for the day. I took a break from it. I went outside for a few hours, I sat outside and I was thinking about writing a book about myself. So, I went back to my computer and I was writing it and I was excited to do it.  It was a little crazy but it was very different, it was fun to make up stuff, then I heard my sister walk into the house. I was shocked because time flies when I am busy. My sister asked me if I wanted to come to stay over at her place for the weekend. I said sure to her, she packed my stuff and closed the house up then we were going to her place. I had a good time over there and I got to know more about her boyfriend, we had fun. When Sunday came, I was home after dinner and my sister opened the house up, 20 minutes later my parents walked in. They weren’t happy because the basement was still wet. I was thinking to myself again, “When you left for your vacation that It was wet and you know that Wednesday night, we had a very hard rain storm again. Your daughter had to feed me and go to work, she did what she had to do.” I listened to them yell at both of us when they were yelling at us. I thought to myself, “what would happen if I went on a vacation with you then we got home and you saw the basement was flooding and water was sitting for days.” I didn’t say it because I know they don’t want to hear it and it might cause more trouble for my sister, so I listened to what they say then it is fine. When they were done yelling at both of us, my sister went back to her place and I went to my bedroom. It took a few days to cool down and they fixed the basement. I was staying home more because it had fallen out and they were closing the trailer camp up. When October came, my mom and I had a lot of meetings about the group home. I wasn’t a happy person; I didn't like what they were saying. 
By March I moved into a group home, I was 27 years old. They took all my independence away; I had shown them what I can do. The group in which I felt I did not belong. I was higher functioning than my peers, and sadly most of the staff. I was laughing by myself because they have no idea who I was. I looked at their face and smile because I was saying myself, “You have no idea who I am.” Their first test was, “Do you know about sex?” I saw the Manager have a lot of papers in front of him, so, I told him that, “Well, I’m not gay, I like girls is over 21 because 18 is not right for my age because They are still little children in their body, have sex, get raincoat over banana then make a nice banana split.” He asked me, “what is banana split?” I was laughing, “ok, I will tell you what banana split is to me. We have a banana, right?” he said to me, “yes, we do.” then I said to him, “girls are ice cream, so, banana and ice cream is coming to be a banana split. You know that ice cream is coming soup.” He stopped me then he said to me, “you pass the test.” I looked at him, I said to him, “I am hoping that you have a good idea who I am.” He said to me, “I do, Now, do you want anything?” I said to him, “YES, I do. I would like to go walk in town myself.” He said to me, “I’m sorry, you can’t because we have to do a test on it. maybe tomorrow we can do it.” I said to him, “Well, I have a little problem with that because today is a nice day and tomorrow is going to snow. I don’t walk in the snow and rain and you know that I found this house by myself when I am at a workshop because I have the freedom to go anywhere, I want. Now You are going to do for me, you are going to find a staff to go on a walk with me up to town then they can walk back themselves.” He looked at me funny, then he said ok to me. I said to myself, “what fork.” Then I stopped myself, I said to myself, “I can’t think that word.” Then They did a fire drill, so everyone was going outside from home and I was too. When I was going outside, I said to myself, “Oh fork me, it is going to be fun when I am here. I asked God, why am I here? I had my freedom with my lovely parents, now, I have to do this. I want my life back.” When the fire drill was done then the staff came to me and she said to me, “ok Todd, let's go for a walk.” I knew that it was a fork test. We went on our walk, she said to me, “We are walking on the wrong side of the road.” I stopped in somebody's driveway and I said to her, “maybe I am but do you see the road about 1000 feet from our driveway to that road. Do you want me to cross in a busy road with no sidewalk and I like to see the car in front of me because if I feel that they are going too fast or I am uncomfortable? I can go in the driveway.” She said to me, “Oh, you have good points.” I looked at her and said to myself, “Oh my God why me.” So, we walked up to the road, “I said to her, it will take me up to town then I'll get on the sidewalk. Do you still want to walk with me?” she said to me, “I need to go a little more with you because I don’t want them to see us.” So, we walked for a little bit. She was trying to get to know me more. I answered yes and no to her questions. We walked to the sidewalk, it took us about 40 minutes because we were stopping and going. I had to use my device to answer her questions. It was a pain but she was nice to me. Then I went off by myself and she went back to a group home. I could have walked back with her but I don’t want to open up to anyone yet. So, I rode around town. I went down the road, it has a red caboose. It was an ice cream place, but it was closed. I went by it then I went to the workshop. When I was there, I turned on my device. It was 4:24 pm, I said to myself, “I need to time myself, here to the group home.” I did that and it took me about 20 minutes. I was thinking that I would like to ride my power wheelchair in the morning when it is nice out. I got back from my walk. They were starting to make dinner and I watched all the staff and they didn’t know how to cook! I am a very fussy eater; I will try it but It smells funny or looks funny. I don’t like it. The first dinner was so bad, I was getting sick from it. It was soupy, it wasn’t supposed to be that way. I asked for something else, they said to me, “I’m sorry, that is your dinner.” I looked at her and said to her, “I have a right to ask for something different and it is too soupy to eat, and do you want me to get sick by it.” She said to me, ”Well, You can’t eat anything because everyone is on a diet.” I said to her, “Am I on a diet?” She said yes to me. I said to her, “I don’t think so and I have a right to eat what I want. I made her give me a glass of water, and I said to her, “that is my dinner then.” I went to my bedroom; I was so hungry that night. I drank a lot of water that night, then it was time for a snack. I had a P&J, when I was eating my sandwich, I was thinking that it is so forked up and it isn’t funny anymore. Then I heard that the nurse is coming tomorrow night, so I kept eating my sandwich. I stayed by the table and listened to them talk. I didn’t say anything because it wasn’t my business to say but I wanted to. I went to the bathroom then went to my bedroom, I closed my door and I started to cry. I had my computer and T.V. in there but I wasn’t happy, I had a bed that was cheap and not comfortable. I slept in my clothes because I don’t know what would have happened next, at 2 am the fire alarm went off. It was a fire drill. I went outside but my different peers said, “Oh it is so forked up.” I said nothing because I was thinking that too, we waited for them to say that it was ok to come back in. We went back to the house, I looked around then I thought that it is a good idea to take a shower. I told the overnight staff that I am going to take a shower, she looked at me funny. She said to me, “it is your bedtime.” I said to her, “I know it is bedtime and I was starting to get relaxed then the beautiful fire drill alarm went off again. I know You have to do it but I know the next shift has to do too, so, I would like to take shower or bath for 2 hours and no one has to go in there. I would like to just relax, please. She said ok to me, I got my clothes for the next day. I went into the bathtub and turned on the water. The water was warm so I turned the hot water up more but it was still warm. It was uncomfortable to take a bath or shower, so I started to cry again. Then I looked around in the bathroom, I found a heater. So, I hit the switch so it is running and the bathroom was warmer for me and it is noisy. I said to myself, “maybe this bathroom is my relax room. I have to watch my different peer's schedules. When I was done there, it was 4:20 am. They wanted everyone to get up at 5 o’clock, so they can take a shower and eat their breakfast because they can leave by 7. My workshop starts at 8:45 am. I asked myself, “what am I doing for 115 minutes?” My workshop is 5 minutes away, I had gone with them before we left the house. We had other fire drills; my head is starting to hurt but I said nothing to them. I rode, rode, and rode because they had to take everyone to work but they were going to different places. I said to myself, “I’m not doing this every morning to ride for 115 minutes to go to the workshop just to sit more. It isn’t happening.” I waited to go back to the group home, it was a very long day. I wanted to leave and I was tired and I had noise in my head from that dumb fire drill. So, I waited for them to come, they came at 3 o’clock. I said to myself, “nope, it isn’t going to happen.” When I got back to the group home, I asked to see the manager. He came to see me then we went to my bedroom then we talked. I said to him, “I feel that it is wrong. I have to ride for 115 minutes every morning, they can come to get me after they are done and when the weather is nice outside, I walk there.” He tried to say to me, “It was your first day to try things.” I said to him, “I understand that but I’m not riding for more than an hour to go to the workshop plus at my parent's place, it was under 20 minutes.” He said to me, “I will try changing it but I can’t make any promises.” I said to him, “this morning I was ready to go because of the beautiful fire drill. I took a bath and It was cold and I ate before the fire drill again. How many fire drills are out of the year? I’m not doing it in the morning, I'm sorry.” He said to me, “between 12 to 14.” He left my bedroom. I said to myself, “I don’t care if he thinks that I am a pain in his behind because I am looking out for myself. I went to the kitchen and watched them cook. I can see that dinner is a little better today. The nurse was there and I saw her before, she saw me and she said to me, “it’s been a long time since I saw you, how are you?” I said to her, “I know, I missed the band. I am OK but I need you to take me off the diet!`` She said to me, “Well, everyone is on a diet, it is 1100 to 1300 calories a day.” I started laughing at her and said to her, “Are you joking?” She said no to me. Then I said to her, “Well? We have a problem here because I ate more than that and I am hungry all day.” She said to me, “that is a house rule.” I said to her, “when I am hungry or I am sick, I am coming for you.” She looked at me, then I said to her, “I would like you to call my doctor and put me on 3000 calories.” I left the kitchen and I went to my bedroom; I closed my door and I started to cry and said to myself, “It is so forked up!” I was sitting in my bedroom for 40 minutes, then it was dinner time. I came out of my room and I saw my plate. It was small, so I asked them, “How many calories is that?” they said to me, “Oh it is about 450-550 calories, everyone has 200 calories left for a snack later.” I ate what they gave me, I am still hungry. I asked them for more because my stomach is making gurgling noises, they said to me, “You can have more but no snack later.” I was starting to get very upset with them. I know that the nurse didn’t call my doctor yet because they were closed. I moved from the table and I asked the nurse and manager to come to my room, please and thank you. They did come to my room and I closed my door behind me. I said to them, “ you might hear my stomach gurgling noises but I have a question, I know that You can’t change my diet but Do you have anything from my doctor saying that I am on a diet? If He did, I would like to see it please and it has to be from my doctor.” Then they looked at each other, then I said to them, “I brought you in my room because I don’t want any problems with my peers and you’re welcome.” They looked at each other again then the nurse said to the manager, “He is right and I heard his stomach gurgling. Let’s give him more to eat and then tomorrow I will call his doctor.” The Manager said to me, “ok and I will tell the staff to feed you.” Then he left my room, the nurse wanted to talk more with me. He closed the door behind him, the nurse waited a few minutes before she talked to me. I guess she wanted to make sure he left because she said something and I was so shocked when she said it. Then Jennifer asked me, “what did she say?” I turned my head around to look at her, I smiled at her. I said to Jennifer, “Do you remember what I told you about (dfwm).” She said to me, “Oh that means (don’t fork with me) when you are mad. Todd! I am hoping that you didn’t tell her that.” I said to Jennifer, “no I didn't'' but the nurse said to me, “I am glad what you did here and please keep fighting for your right.” She left my room then I came with that “dfwm!” Sadly, it was 24 hours I was living in a group home, I had to think like that. Anyway, I went out to the kitchen and the staff was waiting for me. I ate until I was kind of full. I feel a lot better when I have food in me. The next day the nurse called my doctor and he put me on a 3000 calories diet, so I can eat what I want. I didn’t want to take it overboard because I know about my body. I ate some things that I ate at my parent’s place. A few weeks went by, I saw my brother for the first time in months. He stopped at the workshop because he heard that I moved into the group home and I know him, he wanted to use my credit card to buy a van. I said no, no, no, no but he talked me into it and he made a promise to pay me back. I couldn’t say no, I wasn’t crazy about it but he was my brother.  
I have been living in the group home for a month now and I need a break from it. I went to my parent’s house for the weekend for my dad’s birthday. My group home took me home after the workshop. I was glad that I was home again because I am more relaxed. I told my parents that I don’t like it and it isn’t for me. they said to me, “You were there only a month, it is going to take time.” I had a few drinks in me before my sister, my niece, her boyfriend, and his son because I miss my rum and coke and It feels awesome. I can’t drink at the group home because It isn’t allowed in the group home because It isn’t fair to other peers. I had given up my favorite thing, I didn’t drink on weekdays but I could, but I didn’t. The only time I drank was on the weekend or at camp because it was my call, I did get drunk sometimes. Everyone does it, some people are seeing me as just a person with a disability so they think that I can’t drink because I am “special” and taking a lot of medicine. A few years ago, my parents and I were out with their friends at a bar. People were coming up to me and asking me if I wanted any pop or water? I said no Thank you to them, then my mom said to them, “He would like to have a rum and coke and no ice.” They said to her, “Are you sure? She said to them, “oh yes, I am sure and I am his mother.” Well, that night I was feeling so good, it was my first time being drunk and I told my mom that I was sorry. She said to me, “it is ok, it is my fault too. I said no.” next morning came, I felt like a blah. My mom gave me some food and then in a few hours I felt fine, I missed that feeling. When I was home for my dad’s birthday, I drank some, and I relaxed and I can go to sleep and not worry about fire drills. When I was home for the weekend, we were talking about the old days. Every year their campsite raises their price again, plus they have been going there for about 23+ years, they got a letter from their campground. They are making everyone move to a different side so they could build a small house there. My dad was so pissed because last year my parents bought a new trailer and he asked them, “is this campsite safe to set up our trailer?” they said to him, “yes, it is.” So, he put everything up, now they want everyone to move. He said, “ok, they want us to move! We are leaving then. I was sad and I understood what my dad felt like. He put a lot of his time in our campsite, then we had to move and they paid a lot of money. I felt the campground was making mistakes but I am nobody. When I was at the summer place, I said to myself, “I want to own this campground because I went there for 20+ years and that’s where I got my golf cart to go everywhere. I rode around everywhere I could, but I learned from people. One time, it was the 4th of July week. They had about 300 campsites and 200 people stay there all year round, so, a campsite in front of us. It was empty but we knew that people were going to rent it, we have no problem with it and I like new people anyway. So, groups of people came in and they took that campsite, it was before I had a golf cart. I was watching them and my dad went over there and helped them. For a few days, I was watching them because I had a funny feeling something was going to happen and I can’t go somewhere yet. Then I saw their son was crawling away so, I yelled to my mom to come here and I showed my mom the kid was crawling. My mom ran outside to get his mother to get him, they said Thank you to my mom. She said to her that my son, Todd told me, then they were coming to our trailer. The parents wanted to say Thank you to me, then we found out their son had a disability too. We became friends and we saw them every 4th of July. After that, we had good memories but my parents wanted to leave there. I know that my dad put a lot of work into our campground and we have a lot of friends there.  If we leave, I know that camping won't be the same, so, my parents found different campgrounds and we knew some people there. I wasn’t crazy about it because it was on top of the hill and it was small. I had my golf cart to ride but it took me 15 minutes to ride around there. I met new people but it wasn't the same because I miss my friends. My dad tried to visit our old friends at our old campground but our mom said no to him, I didn’t understand because she had best friends there. We were laughing about old times, then my sister, niece, her boyfriend and his son came and they had pizza and chicken wings. I love pizza. So, we ate our dinner and we had cake for our dad. After we cleaned up, our parents wanted to talk to us, then they told us something I thought wouldn’t be happening, next year He is retiring from his job and they want to sell their home. I was crushed by it because my dad did build it and I want this house to stay in our family, their plan is next springtime. They want to sell this house then move down to Florida and keep the campground for summertime. Everyone was happy for them and a little shocked. I want to save this house and I can’t because I am living in a group home. My sister has no money to buy it and my brother is somewhere and has no money because he asked me for money. We sat there and talked, I had a few drinks when they were talking and I was thinking about what this house meant to me. When they did adopt me and my sister and my brother too, this house is our home.  It was late, so my sister and her boyfriend had to go home because their kids were tired. They left and my sister didn’t say anything to me about what our parents wanted to do. I stayed with my parents and watched some T.V. I went to bed when they did when I hit the bed, I was out cold until Saturday morning. I got up then my mom fed me my breakfast then we went out for the day, we went clothes shopping and food shopping. We had a good time when we got home. She started cooking dinner, and I started drinking again. I was thinking to myself, “I have 27 more hours before I have to go back to the group home.” I don’t want to go back there. Then I had an idea, maybe I can call it college because I might learn there and I can move out. I said to myself, “Yeah right, sure! It might be a crazy idea but it might work for me but I have to say group home around people so they don’t think that I am crazy. We had our dinner, after dinner my mom and I played a few games. Then we went to the living room to watch some T.V. for the night then it was bedtime. Sunday morning came, we had a big breakfast then relaxed for a day, at 7 pm the group home came to get me. I’m not happy about that, but I have to stop thinking about it because I am with my parents now. All weekend long, I was thinking of how I can save this house and I couldn’t because I didn’t have the income to buy this home. I know that I have no problem living by myself but I know that I need someone to help me with my daily things, nope, I had to go to the group home, my sister’s boyfriend hated the group home but I understand why I went in a group home because my parents are getting older and Florida has no funding for people with disabilities so, what can I do? “NOTHING.” It is best for me to do what they thought was best for me which is to put me in the group home. They thought that it was best for me to go there because I was safe there, maybe it was but I didn’t think so because I have no freedom. I had to fight everything because they have rules, and remember I stayed in my parents’ house for a week by myself. When they have to go somewhere, I have to go with them because I don’t have time in the group home. So, I had to fight to get time in the group home, they started with an hour. I said no to them because I have 3 hours out in the community, I told them that it is going to be 3 hours like my community. They don’t like it when I tell them what It is going to be. I know that I can be fine for up to 8 hours with no problem but They don’t want to listen to me. So, when my parents told me that they are moving to Florida, I was going home on weekends more. It was sad for me because I am losing my home, I felt no one cared. I know that my mom was so ready to go to Florida because a weekend I was there with my mom and maybe my sister was there too, my mom sold my dad’s trains and some were collectors and she didn’t get the right price for them, I was very shocked and sick by it because my dad had a train from his childhood. I know that it was a collector because he was in his late 50s. My mom sold his trains for a very, very low price. I was sitting on top of the stairway and I closed my eyes, I said to myself, “Oh my God why did she do that.” I said nothing because I know that my dad is going to be mad at her and he was a little mad but he was ready to go to Florida too. Now all I was thinking is what if they gave my sister or me that train or they kept it because it was from his childhood, I was very upset because I am losing this house. So, I didn’t say anything because I feel that I am no one now. I went there every weekend until they left for Florida, it was a sad time in my lifetime. Now, I have to wait to see my parents in the summertime at the campground and when I have money to fly down to Florida. First-year they were down there, I did Thanksgiving and Christmas. years after that every Christmas and sometimes springtime. I love it because it helped me to get away from the group home and I can go there 3 weeks at a time. I could go down there every month but I couldn’t because no money but they did come up to do summer place but about after 5 years, they were tired of doing it because it was a long ride for them and some summers were cold or they was bored with it but I know that I am going to miss camping and driving my golf cart around because I been doing it all my life. I lost that too. Now I have grandmother, Uncle Spike, my sister, my niece, and my brother are here with me but my parents are in Florida but I am still in a forking group home. 
A few years later, when I was in the group home and my parents left for Florida, I tried to get away on the weekends because I hated it there and I wanted to have fun, I had my favorite sister “Sara” and her boyfriend to go hang out with for the weekend and I got my brother “Chuck” to hang out too. I would stay at their places; we would have fun. We did events and played video games. I wasn’t meeting new people so 60% of the time I had best friends helping me out on the weekend. I liked to go out to different places like the dance club. My friends tried to take me out on weekends, which I loved to do. It helped me to look forward to doing something on the weekend; it was my freedom from the group home, I didn’t like being stuck there. It was Valentine’s weekend, my friend Bill texted me saying that we are going out on Saturday night. He will be picking me up around 8 pm. I responded Okay, Thank you. He said to me, "sure and no problem." I told a worker that I was going out with my friend Bill, but they weren’t going to let me go.  I knew that I was allowed to go and that they don’t have the right to make me stay home. Every day I get 8 hours of independence to do anything I want. I said to them “Excuse me, I thought I had my 8 hours to go out, plus my call in.” The call-in is if I used up my 8 hours and needed more time so I could call in to be able to get more time. They said, “We have to get it approved for you to be able to leave.” I said to them, “what! You better call someone then and get this figured out.” They said, “I don’t want to do that right now it is a Friday night.” I responded, “I don’t care if it is Friday night or 1 am, I would like for you to call someone now and get it approved please and I want to have a meeting about this problem.” They eventually called. The person did end up approving and they agreed to have a meeting on this problem. I went back into my room and was very frustrated. I don’t understand why I’m even in this group home when half of the time I feel more intelligent than some of the workers. I was happy though because it got approved. I texted Bill to let him know “I got approved so I can go with you.”  He texted me back, “what? You have to ask every time you want to go out with someone?” I said to him, “yep and I am going to have a meeting on this problem. You know me.” He said, “Yes I do, don’t worry. I will see you tomorrow.” When I was done texting with Bill, I went out to the dinner table. I asked for a snack, and they said to me “Ok prince.” I got very angry but I let it go at the time. It wasn’t worth fighting over then. I was just going to bring it up at the meeting. Throughout all the staff that comes to the home I really only liked a handful of them. Thankfully this night one of my favorite workers was there. She was always very kind to me, always willing to help me out.  She said,” I will feed him.” she asked if I wanted a piece of pizza; she knew that I loved pizza. She came and sat down with me. She whispered to me, “good job for what you did, you were in the right for sticking up for yourself.” I said, “thank you” she then said, “If I were you, I would fight for what I can. Todd, you have a high IQ please, don’t let people think you don’t!”  I said to her “Thank you again, I will.” I finished eating up my snack and made my way to bed. So, Saturday morning came and it was extra noisy for some reason. On Saturday mornings there are usually only two staff there on shift. It was still early around breakfast time. I came out of my bedroom and I shook my head when I turned the corner into the kitchen. There was only one staff member in the kitchen. I didn’t recognize her. I asked her “What are you doing?”  she said to me “I am making breakfast?”  I said to “1st staff” “at 8 am? Excuse me who is even up? “1st staff,” said “no one now.” I said, “why are you making noise then?”  Then “2nd staff” came into the kitchen, she said, “I’m sorry Todd, she is new here.” I said, “I know but the Manager needs to have a little book for new people. I’m not mad at her but it is the weekend, time to sleep in.” She said to me “come with me to your room” So we went to my bedroom, she made my bed and got stuff for me to take a shower. She said to me” I’m sorry about you being woken up, but you need to be nicer” I said “I have had multiple issues within the past few days, I’m sorry but I’m just frustrated” She headed back downstairs. I usually like to take a long bath or I take a shower depending on how clean the tub looks. I know that the overnight staff is supposed to clean the house, but sometimes it really didn’t look clean & they would be found sleeping. You also have to think that my 5 other roommates use the same two bathrooms. If I’m going to be using the same bathrooms, I want it clean for me. I don’t know what they are doing there. “2nd staff” came back upstairs and said, “I cleaned the bathroom for you and I know you are going out with your friend Bill tonight.” I said to her, “Oh yes and I can’t wait.” Then I got a text from my girlfriend Amy she said, “Good morning honey.” I texted her back, “Good morning my princess, how are you doing?”  Then she wrote back, “I’m good, I miss you and I want to see you!” I said to her, “aw I miss you and I want to see you too, guess what.”  “what?”  I said, “I am going to the bar tonight with my friend Bill.” She said to me, “really what time?” I said “about 10.” She said, “I would like to meet you there but I can’t stay for long.” I said “of course, I'll see you there” “2nd staff,” said to me, “you need to get flowers for her!” I said to her, “I know but how and when?” She said to me, “don’t worry about it because I will get them for you.” I said to her “Thank you. Thank you.”  She said to me “no problem, it's my way of saying Thank you to you for making my days at work better! I will pay for them.” I said to her, “Thank you, are you sure because I have some money?” She said “Todd yes I am sure. The bathtub is clean, go ahead and take your bath.” So, I said okay and I went to the bathroom and I was starting to get undressed, then I heard something. Oh damn, I waited a few minutes to make pajama bottoms off, and then I remembered. Every time they have someone new starting, they need to do a fire drill. Sure, enough I heard it going off. I don’t have a shirt on but I felt the door to see if it was hot. Luckily it wasn’t hot, so I opened the door and jumped in the wheelchair to start to go outside. I heard my name Todd, Todd, Todd I looked at who was calling me “2nd staff” was calling me. Outside was cold; so “2nd staff” brought me a coat. She said I’m sorry they wanted the new staff to do it. I was freezing, but I was thinking about going out tonight because it is helping me to stop thinking of the cold. Few minutes went by until “1st staff” turned the fire drill off, then she said ok come into the house. I was hurting everywhere from the cold. I got in the house then I went to the bathroom a.s.a.p., I turned the hot water on through the showerhead so I should sit in the room as the steam made it hot in there.  This was so I could get my body warmed up and able to move it better. I heard a knock at the bathroom door, Todd. Are you OK there? I said, yeah! “2nd staff” said, “are you still dressed?” I said, “yes.” She asked me, could I come in there really quick to talk to you? I said “yes,” she came in there and saw that the shower was on. “Hey Todd, are you OK?” I said “yep.” She said to me, ``You know that in your program book it says, “When you are in the shower you don’t have to come out of the bathroom.” I said to her, “I know but I have not been in the shower yet, also I want to get my own place someday so I have to do what I have to do to get out of here.” She smiled at me.  “you’re always thinking and you are trying to be ahead of everyone. I wish I had the motivation like you.” Then winked.  “Everyone thinks that I have a low IQ, and you know that I could run this group home better than some Managers do.” As I continued on with my shower. She laughed at me because she knows it’s true but can't say much in case she was overheard. “They would never let me become a boss, especially because they don’t want to lose funding from me.” She let out a sigh and patted me on the back, “I’m sorry Todd” I said   “You don’t want to wish that you were like me, you are lucky to have a life that I don’t have; I am stuck living in this group home with 5 different guys; they don’t understand how the world works. They don’t understand much, compared to myself.” “I am lucky enough to have friends that are willing to come to get me and take me out on the weekends.” the 2nd staff member said “you are lucky you have those friends, I wish there was something more I could do to help your situation out” I smiled at her, “ You Better go now, before they think we are doing something in here, I don’t want any trouble.”  She said, “you are right, I will make some French toast for you.” “I said okay; you know that I am staying here an hour or two.” She said, “I know.” She went out of the bathroom and closed the bathroom door behind her. I turned on the showerhead then started to fill up the bathtub. I took my pajama bottoms and socks off. I hopped in the bathtub and laid right down. I’ve always liked to relax in the tub and it’s one of the only places that clears my head. Some time had gone by, then I heard a knock at the door. “Todd, Todd, Are you ok? I am coming in there. “It was “1st staff She walked into the bathroom. Then I opened the shower curtain and put my head out, I said WHAT with my VINDICTIVENESS voice. She looked startled and said, “Oh I am checking on you. She said it with a very confused voice. I was trying to stay calm when I heard 2nd staff upstairs and she said “Oh no!” She saw the bathroom door open, so she ran to the bathroom, is everything OK? She knew I was mad because I don’t ever have anyone checking in when I use the bathroom.  “A staff,” said, ``I was checking on him. '' I looked at “2nd staff.” With such an aggravated face. She said, “I know Todd, I know” then I heard the front door opening. I heard “Hello, is anyone here?” It was the Manager of the group home. She came right to the bathroom because everyone was in there with me. When she turned the corner, She saw me there. She yelled at everyone to get out of the bathroom now.” She said; “Todd I know what you are thinking and we will talk when you are out of the bathroom.” I said to her “yeah, I am going to be out within 10 minutes” she knew right away by my face I was upset.” So, I finished washing up and getting dressed. It was faster than I thought I could. They were shocked to see me out of the bathroom so quickly.  The manager said to me, “Come on, I will help you put your shirt on.”  She started to make small talk with me because she was hoping that It would calm me down. I was already pretty relaxed; I knew that if I dragged it on any more then they would have to write it up. Plus, I can bring it all up at the meeting. I was just focusing on getting out of that house for the night. I said to her, “I am going out tonight with a friend and on Monday when you are here again, we can talk about everything.” She asked me, “Are you going to the workshop on Monday?”  I said to her that I am going to be sick that day. She laughed and told me “you can’t do that.” I said, “why not?” She tried to tell me I need to go because it’s in my program that it’s “mandatory” to go. I said to her, “excuse me, what did you say”. She told me what she said again. I said “fine! And on Monday we will have to have a meeting.” She said to me “yes Todd.” I wanted to keep my cool, I was afraid they would want to take my “event” away. Over the last 5 years, I’ve been in the house with the same 5 guys. I have watched and learned how they do stuff to my roommates; Such as taking away their time, to do what they would like to do. It’s not fair.  I went out to the kitchen and I told them that I would like to eat now. 2nd Staff came up to me and said “I figured you would want a sandwich instead of French toast because it’s closer to lunch now.” She was right; I thanked her and started to eat. The manager knows something is up but she can’t figure it out. When I was eating, I turned my head to her and looked at her. I said “Don’t worry, be happy.” Then she smiled at me, and continued to go downstairs. the 2nd Staff asked me, what are you doing? '' I said to her, “Oh nothing right now.” She said to me, “Todd, I know how you are. When you said ``don't worry, be happy, I know you mean something different” I said to her, “noooo.” She looked at me. I said, “WHAT?” She said to me, “just be good.” I laughed and I said to her, let’s train staff how to feed me. She said, OK. We called her over. She was watching 2nd staff feed me to see how it works. Then I heard the manager walking back upstairs. She opened the door and poked her head out and asked if the 2nd staff could show 1st staff how to feed Me. But then she realized we had already been doing it. She stood there watching for a few minutes. While she was up here I asked the manager if I could go to the store to get flowers for tonight. She said to me, “sure and 2nd staff will take you when you’re done eating.” I said Thank you to her. She said, “you’re welcome and I have to train 2nd staff anyways.” So, I ate up the rest of my food. I went back to my room and I texted Bill to see if I could come early. He texted me back, can you get a ride here? I went back to ask the manager, “Can someone drop me off at bill's house after we pick up the flowers please” She said, “yes no problem” I was so happy. I texted Bill back and let him know I will be over early. I got ready to go to the store to get flowers for Amy and go to Bill's place.
Then Jennifer asked me to take a break because she needed to go to the bathroom. I said sure to her, so I started to move off her chest, so, I picked up my head from her chest and I was getting down off the couch so I can crawl around when she is using the bathroom. Before I knew it, she was running to the bathroom Martha ran to her room because she saw Jennifer was going forward to her room. When Jennifer was working in the bathroom, I got in my power wheelchair. I went to the window; I saw it was still snowing and everything is white outside. I said to myself, “I can’t let Jennifer open any door because the snow might fall into my house and I won’t be able to close the door.” I got out my power wheelchair, I did check our phones to make sure it is charging. Then Jennifer came out of the bathroom with the towel on around her. I looked at Jennifer and I asked myself, “why does she have only a towel around her? Is she getting ready for me?” I said nothing about the towel but I said to her, “please don’t open any doors! The snow might fall into my house.” She said to me, “Oh, I didn’t think that. Todd, you are so smart.” Then I looked at Jennifer and I said to her, “where are your glasses?” She said to me, “Todd, I didn’t wear them today because I have no contacts. You know me, I love blue things, so I got blue contacts so my eyes are blue.” I said Oh to her but I knew she looked different to me, I said to myself, “was it the no glasses? I’m not fussing because she is wearing only a towel here.” So, I smiled at her then she asked me, “about the book I wrote, what happened to it?” I said to her, “Oh yes, the book.” It was very long ago when I got my first computer. It had a disc so I could save it on the disc. I had about 13 chapters, and one day I was in the mood for writing in my book. I put the disc into the computer and it wasn’t working, so I tried it again and nothing. I tried about 30 times and It wasn’t work. I was upset and disappointed in myself. I took it to school hoping they could fix it but they couldn’t fix it, I was heartbroken. I didn’t write it again because it was different and odd. I can remember it but I can’t tell you about it because someday I would like to write it again. Jennifer then sat next to me, then she looked at me and she said to me, “on your list, it says that you don’t like Valentine’s Day, why? And you went out on Valentine's weekend.” I said to her, “yeah, I don’t like Valentine’s Day because it is a money day and why do I need Valentine’s Day to say I love you. If I have someone that is special to me then I do it, but I don’t need Valentine’s Day to give a person candy, flowers, or jewelry because I do those other days. I feel like Valentine’s Day is a joke. Then Jennifer said Oh to me. Before we stopped for a bathroom break, we were writing about Valentine’s weekend then she turned around and got my laptop and blanket and put it around us. She put the blanket around us, and we left off as you were going to get the flowers. I picked up the flowers for my girlfriend and went over to Bill's place early. We had dinner, a few drinks and watched some T.V. We went to the bar early because it’s easier on Bill, since he has to push my wheelchair in the snow. My girlfriend, Amy was there waiting for me, she had texted me saying she’ll be waiting. We walked in the bar and there was barely anyone there, but it was still early. We spotted Amy right away, and Bill pushed me over to her. I gave her flowers, she gave me a kiss, and then she asked Bill to put the flowers in my bag, he did that for her. The bar was a little quiet, so it was easy to talk to her. More people were coming in, it started to get packed in there. We were out on the dance floor having a drink and talking. I was looking around because I wanted to know who was there. Then that’s when I noticed a girl in a pink shirt looking at me. My girlfriend was having a conversation with me but I couldn’t stop looking over at the other girl. Then the live band was starting to play, more people piled out onto the dance floor. We were dancing to a few songs but the whole time I had kept glancing over at the other girl. She was really keeping an eye on me. So, I told Bill that I need to go to the bathroom. While using the bathroom I tell him to please walk by a pink t-shirt girl, she has blonde hair. Whatever you do, don't say anything! He said okay with a smirk. So, we went past her, and I poked her on the shoulder and said hi. She was facing the opposite way and she jumped around as I had scared her. I nudged Bill to keep ongoing. We went back to my girlfriend. I glanced back at that girl and she was looking at me with a smile. Then my girlfriend said to me, “I’m sorry Todd but I have to go because the babysitter's shift is almost up, the kids are waiting for me.” I said to her, “that’s okay, don’t worry about it at all. I’m just glad we had some time together.” She said, “me too, I’ll see you soon.” She gave me a kiss on the cheek and then left for the night. It was now time for me and Bill to actually party. We walked around the bar; the place has 2 bars on each side of the place. I love it here because I feel like it has a lot of people that come here, which makes it more fun. I saw more of my friends at the other end of the bar. I made my way down there and hung out with them for a bit. They had their girlfriends with them as well, which makes me wish Amy were here. I must admit I still couldn’t keep my eyes off of this mystery girl. I had noticed she was looking at me again, this time she wasn’t looking away every 2 seconds. She was with her friends but I had happened to know a few people that were by her. I asked Bill to take me over there. I told him, do you remember the pink shirt and hot blonde over there? She’s with people we know. He said “yes, I remember,” I said to him “Let’s go!” He took me over there and we were talking to our friends. When they were talking to us, I kept my eyes on the blonde because she was beautiful and it was hard to look away. She has beautiful blue eyes and long blonde hair. I smiled at her, and I used my device to say Hi and ask her what her name is. She came over to me to read my device because the music was playing. She said to me, “I am Kelly.” She asked me, “what is yours?” I said, “Todd.” We talked for 30 minutes; we were getting to know each other. I was instantly comfortable around her and she was having a fun time with me. The whole time I was by her I didn’t have a drink, because I was afraid and scared. I didn’t want her to run away or think anything different about me. Bill was usually next to me but he would always face another way to give me my privacy so I could talk to Kelly. He asked me if I wanted to have a drink, I said to him no Thank you. Normally I would have, he knows me well. So, He knows I must like her now. I am uncomfortable with having a drink in front of new people. I think Kelly also caught on when I had said no to Bill. A little time goes by Then Kelly asks Bill to please give Todd a drink. Then I looked at Bill with a shocked face, he looked at me and back at her. He said to her, I will but he is nervous to drink around new people, especially a beautiful girl. She gave me a look that was almost reassuring that I don’t need to be nervous around her. She made me instantly comfortable. She asked him again, please get him a drink, It’s on me! Take your time. I will stay with him. He headed towards the bar; we knew he wasn’t going to be quick because it was so packed.  Kelly came around into the front of me and put her hands on my wheelchair arms. She said to me, “Todd, I’ve been watching you all night long and I knew you were looking at me when you had a girl next to you. I knew you were not happy with her. And I know you need to help to drink and to feed”. I just said to her, “yeah,” I didn’t know what to say at the time. I started to tilt my head down. But her hand was under my chin, as she lifted it right back up. Then she said to me, “I don’t care that you need special help because everyone needs help, you really made my night special thank you.” I was shocked in my head. I’ve never met a girl like her before. Then Bill came back with 3 drinks in his hands. He said to her, here’s your money back. Todd wanted to buy you the drink. When He was giving me a drink, I looked at him and said Thanks to him. He said to me, no problem and you have to play the game. I smiled at him. We both laughed. When I was done with my drink, I asked Kelly to come with me on the dance floor. She said to me, “no, no I can’t dance!” I said to her, “Kelly, you made me drink in front of you. I would like to have one dance please!” She said, “Oh Todd, okay!” Then her friends looked at her like she was crazy. They shouted, “are you going to the dance floor?!” She yelled back “yes I am.” Her friends looked at each other and laughed. Bill said to them, “what is so wrong with that?” They said she never goes on the dance floor, we’ve never seen her actually dance. But she is going onto the dance floor with Todd. I knew she was uncomfortable when we were out there. I looked at her; I asked her if she wanted to go back. She said, “No Todd and can you stay next to me.” I put my arm around her to hold her, and then she put her arm around me. We weren’t really dancing but people were dancing around us. She leaned her head on the top of my head. She said to me, “I am glad I met you.” I said, “me too.” We stayed out there for a long time, a few different times Bill came to give me drinks but Kelly didn’t leave my side. Not even to go hang out with her friends. Then I heard that her friends wanted to leave. That’s when I remembered something. I hit Bill. I said to him, please go in the back of my wheelchair to get the flowers and give it to Kelly. So, he did that for me. She was so happy when she saw them. But I think everyone was a little confused as to why I had flowers in my bag. I guess there was a reason I had forgotten about giving them back to Amy. Kelly gave me a kiss, she handed me her number written on a napkin. I gave her mine in return. She said to me, “please text me.” We gave each other big smiles. When they were leaving she kept turning her head and looking back at me. I watched her go, I got upset thinking that I wouldn’t ever actually see her again. I felt lonely again. We stayed there for a couple more hours since we still had friends there. I turned to Bill with a big grin on my face “What happened here?” He said to me, “I don’t know man but I know She really likes you.” I said “no way.” I was in disbelief.  When we were walking around the bar, I couldn’t stop thinking about Kelly. She made my night special; I asked him if he took any pictures of us. He said to me, “No man, I'm sorry.”  I said to him, “Oh damn that’s okay.” He said, “I wish I would have known you wanted some taken. The way you guys were holding each other would have been a great picture” I was shocked when you actually wanted to say hi to her.” I said to him, “yeah I can’t believe I actually did it. but I knew she was watching me.” It was time for more drinks. I was getting pretty drunk at this point and dancing with everyone. It was almost time for the bar to close, so we started to pack up and head out. I had a big smile on my face when he was driving me home. He said, “back to your crazy home.”  We laughed. I said to him, “It's ok because I met a beautiful girl tonight and Thank you for taking me out when you can.” He said to me, “I like to take you out because we have fun and we can meet new people. You’re a good friend Todd” I got to my home around 5 am. I went to the bathroom and cleaned myself up a bit. I went to my bedroom; I saw that I had texts on my cell phone. I could barely keep my eyes open at this point. I must have fallen asleep before I had the chance to even open the texts. 
Then Jennifer turned her head around and said TODD! I looked at her and I said to her, “I know it was wrong but my girlfriend left me quickly so I did forget to give them back to her and they were dying. The next day I had thrown them out anyway, so I thought why not. I made 2 girls happy on Valentine’s weekend! I was laughing about it then Jennifer put my laptop down next to her, then she got up from the floor. She said to me, “my behind is hurting from the floor, how do you sit on the floor all day long?” I said to her, “I am sitting on the floor every day and sometimes it does hurt but I am moving around a lot. Then Jennifer asked me, “what happened next?” I jumped on the couch, I said to her, “I would like to cuddle again and I will tell you what happened the next day.” So, she came over to me and sat between my legs, and took her towel off again. I am watching her. she got the blanket and put it over us and got the laptop ready to go, she said to me, “OK, I am ready to write, Mr. player!” I said heyyy to her. She was laughing then she gave me a kiss. Then I told her, I had only fallen asleep for a few hours. It’s hard for me to sleep when I’m excited or thinking about something. That is how I’ve always been. It was a little after 9 am, I got out of bed and went to the kitchen. The staff looked at me like I was a ghost. They know I'll never get up that early after a night of drinking. I asked for a drink of orange juice and to eat some breakfast. When I was done eating, I knew I had a few text messages from the night before. I went back to my bedroom and checked my phone. I had messages from my girlfriend “Amy” and also messages from a number I didn’t have saved. I could only assume it was Kelly. I opened my girlfriend's message, it said: “Hi, Todd I’m sorry I had to leave you last night but I had fun when I was with you! I miss you”. I wrote her back, “Hi, babe. It’s ok and I understand you had to leave because of your kids, I miss you too!” Then I opened the other text, it read; “Hi, Todd. This is Kelly from last night, I wanted to say Thank you for talking with me and scaring me lol.”  Then I pushed my phone away and I was jumping around and laughing, saying Oh my God, Oh my God to myself. A staff member ran to my bedroom and said to me, are you OK? I said to her, yes I am fine and it is a beautiful day. When 1st staff left, I grabbed my phone and now I have to figure out what to say back. I don’t want to say anything wrong to her that’ll make her not want to talk to me anymore. I was trying to think back on the night to remember everything. Last night when I was holding her, I know I felt different from her in a way that I haven’t felt with my girlfriend before. I know that is a problem, I don’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings. I know she was looking at me first, she let me hold her, and then she kissed me. I think she likes me, why else would she give me her phone number right? I sent back “Hi, Kelly. You’re very welcome. I’m sorry I scared you but I just wanted to say Hi. How is your morning going?” I was thinking that she wasn’t going to answer me; she might be asleep or she might not remember me. Then 5 minutes later my phone rang. It was Kelly, she wrote back to me, “it was okay & I am glad you did that. My morning is bad because I got called into work this morning and I’m a little tired. So, I can’t answer you back fast like I would like to.” I wrote her back, “I’m sorry you had to go to work today, I would like to know what you thought about last night. You had fun and you met a nice guy! Lol, Text me when you are done working.” She texted me back, “Oh Todd. I am already thinking about you, I will text you when I am home.”  I haven't heard back from my girlfriend yet. I went out of my bedroom and found one of the staff to ask them what we were doing for the day. I wanted to keep myself busy for the day. But then the staff said nothing because a different staff had called off. I said darn okay, what is for dinner tonight? The staff said spaghetti and meat sauce but I was in the mood for my lasagna. So, I asked the staff about making some lasagna as well, and she said: “No, because it isn’t on the schedule.” I said to her, “Do you have a schedule of dinner at your home?” She looked at me in a funny way, I said to her “Well?” She said to me, “I know you are tired, why don’t you go back to sleep?” I said, “Why do you think I am tired? Because I came home at 5 am, that is nothing!” I am in a very good mood, but I am tired as well. I went and turned on the T.V. Then she had the nerve to ask me “what are you doing?” I didn’t even bother to look at her this time; I said, “I am watching T.V.” I let out a sigh. Then Jennifer stopped writing and turned her head around. She said to me, “You had a good Valentine’s weekend.” I said to her, “sadly, I did, but not with my girlfriend. I don’t know why but I felt different around Kelly. I was there for Amy and I wasn’t looking at anyone else. I was looking around and I saw a girl was looking at me. I felt she was looking at me because every time I looked at her, she was turning her head a different way from me because I think that she didn’t want to let me know that she was looking at me. Then Jennifer put the laptop on the floor and got her towel. She said to me, “I am thirsty. Do you want anything?” I said to her, “yes, I am thirsty too” I wanted to say to her “yes, I am and my body too.” But I didn’t because I don’t want to be rude to her and I know that she can’t help it plus I love when she is wiping my chest off. She was walking to the kitchen, then I heard my name being called. Todd, Todd, you have to come here now! I jumped off the couch and crawled to my power wheelchair, I went to the kitchen, I was so amazed at what I saw. The snow was up to the door and window because the wind was blowing the snow around. I have a deck in the back of my house, so the snow is higher than in front of my house. I looked at the side of the house to see how much snow we got but it was hard to say because the wind was blowing and it was snowing too. I knew that Jennifer was starting to get scared, so I said to her, “it is going to be fine; the wind is blowing up to the door and window.” I was starting to get scared too but I needed Jennifer to be relaxed for me. I said to her, “get drinks and don’t worry about it.” she said to me, “but Todd, what happens if the snow breaks the door?” I said to her, “it can’t break because it is closed. That is why I don’t want you to open many doors.” I went over to the door and checked it out and I’m not worried about it because I have a screen door in front of the house and I was lucky my staff took the screen out then put glass in. I don’t want her to know that I kind of got a storm door because I’m not sure the glass is going to break when we open the door. She got my drink out for me, she came next to me and gave me a drink. I was wearing a drink and she was wiping it off my chest. I was laughing and she was too. I said to her, “not again.” Now I was getting cold because I have only socks on and underwear on. I went back to the living room, I jumped out of my power wheelchair and crawled to the fireplace. Then Jennifer walked in from the kitchen, she sat next to me. she said to me, “I’m sorry, Todd. I know that I’m not good at it.” I said to her, “Jennifer, don’t worry about it. I know that you are trying the best you can.” She said to me, “aww Todd, I have a question, what happened with Kelly and Amy?” I said to her, “Jennifer! I can’t tell you yet, I’m sorry, you have to wait for a few chapters.” She said to me, “TODD!” I said what to her. She said to me, “Please, Todd.” Now I am laughing because she is getting upset at me. I said to her, “You can’t go-ahead to the good parts because you won’t know what really happened here. All I am going to say is, we have to do each chapter because a lot is changing and you will be surprised by what happens next.” She gave me a face. Then she said ok to me, she got up from the floor and went to another door. She said to me, “wow, I can’t see anything out there. All I can see is the top of your ramp because it is white out.” Then she turned around and she was walking in front of me and I was watching her. She said to me, “I am getting scared here!” I said to her, “I know you are; I am too but we have each other, right?” She said to me, “yes, we do!” I didn’t tell her I was scared about the power. It is only saving us from the cold. I wished that I listened to myself, I wanted to put a small solar system in. So, if the power goes out, I have some backup but I didn’t because I was waiting for a good deal. Then I wanted to do different projects, so I pushed it to the back of the list. It’s my fault and it was the first project I wanted to do. Now I am with Jennifer in a snowstorm and I am thinking that it isn’t done yet. Then Jennifer said to me, “I would like to go back to writing because It is helping me forget about the snowstorm and I would like to know what happened with Amy and Kelly.” I said ok to her and I was glad because it will stop me from thinking about the power. So, I went to the couch and jumped on it because I wanted her to lay on top of me. She did lay on top of me without her towel and she put a blanket over us, when she was done with that, she got my laptop. She said to me, “ok, I am ready.” I said to her, “Not me.” Then she turns her head around. I gave her a kiss. Then I said to her, “Now, I am.” 
I was sitting in the living room and I was watching T.V. Then I heard the door open, I looked. It was the manager again. I said to her, “you again?” she laughed and said to me, “yes Todd I am here. And I am going to be here all day.” I had a funny feeling that She isn’t coming in tomorrow and the next day because She was here over the weekend. She asked a staff, “What are we doing today?'' The staff said nothing is planned because I am here by myself. She said, “Oh, I am here now so what was the plan for today?” A staff member said, “They were going to see a movie.” The manager said, “it is still on, Todd and I are going to start dinner.” She smiled at me. I was still watching T.V. but I could hear what they were saying and I was thinking about Kelly, I couldn’t stop thinking about her. Then the manager came over to me and asked me how it was last night. I said to her, “It was the best night I had in a very long time”. She asked me, “What happened?” I told her how I ran into a different girl after my girlfriend had left, we spent the whole night hanging out. I ended up giving those flowers to her, not my girlfriend! I felt like a jerk but it worked because the girl is still talking to me. She said, “really?” We both laughed and I said to her, “Don’t you hear my cell phone going off every minute?” she said, “yes I do, I was wondering who the phone was!”  I said to her, “That is her!” she laughed and patted me on the back. Then she asked me, “Can you help me make your lasagna for dinner tonight? I also need to talk with you in private.” I said “ sure ok” I went to my bedroom to check on my phone and I was right it was Kelly. I was so happy because I had gotten 15 messages from her. I wrote her back responding to every question she asked me and I asked questions too. Now I was starting to worry about my cellphone, I only have a cheap prepaid phone with limited data. I don’t want to run out of minutes especially now that I have Kelly to talk to. I never was a big fan of text because it was a lot of work for me to just click the buttons. But it was helping me talk to girls, have a social life outside of those walls. It also was my independence to go out downtown by myself. I was very lucky I had my own computer in my bedroom at the group home, so I came up with an idea to fix my problem and save my minutes on my cell phone. So I asked all my friends, family, and Kelly to use email or IM me because I was going to run out of minutes. No one had a problem with it and it was easy for me because my talking device had a cable running to our home computer. This allowed me to see everything in a bigger picture. I can write faster on this device than texting and I can talk to more people at the same time. Another cool feature was that I could save it so I can remember what I talked about with each person. When I was talking to my friends over the computer, I heard the manager calling me from the kitchen “Todd? Todd, can you come here for a minute?” I went into the kitchen and rolled up to the counter. She said, “ Hi, Everyone left for the movie, I need to tell you something but please don’t be mad at me?” I said to her, “Today is going to be hard to get me mad, what is it?” She started telling me that She is going to get a different job but she is going to be at a new office where my program was. “You can visit me and email me any time you would like! Also, a new manager is going to be starting soon.” I said nothing to her besides “Let’s go make the lasagna.” When we were making lasagna, we talked about some things to help me out. I was telling her what I want; more time with my friends. Change my hours for when I’m out so that I don’t need to call after 8 hours. A list of my friends in my book so when I am telling them that I am going out with them, there will be no problem with that. Also how I think the house needs a book for new staff with guidelines and rules from each person. Because of this weekend, you know what happened when the staff came into the bathroom. I don’t want it happening again. She said to me, “I will work on all of it for you this week and Thank you for not getting mad at me.” I said, “I know you need to move out of this zoo place and I know where you are going to be.”  When we were done with making dinner and talking, I went back to my bedroom and I saw my computer had a lot of messages from everyone. My phone rang again, I had a good feeling of who it was going to be. Sure enough, it was my girlfriend, she wrote to me, “I’m sorry for not being such a good girlfriend to you, I would like to come over to your place and hang out for a little.” I said, “It’s an okay babe, I know you have your kids to look after and I am busy here too. Yes, you can come over any time.” She wrote back, “tonight?” I wrote her back, “I think so but I will check.” She said, “ok.” So I went to see my manager, asked if it is okay for my girlfriend to come here tonight after dinner? She said “sure”. So I went back to my phone to tell Amy that it is ok to come over. Then the manager walked into my bedroom, she said to me, “I am going to clean the bathtub for you, come in there when you are ready.” I said Thank you. Before I leave my room, I always log out of my computer. That way no one is able to see my personal business when I’m not there.  I went to take a bath and it was a long one because I was thinking about Kelly, which I felt wrong for because tonight my girlfriend was coming over. I stayed in the tub for a few hours and it felt good to relax and think. Today was the first time I brought my wheelchair to the bathroom with me. I had thought about it for a while, that it was a good idea in case of a fire drill again. Once I got out, I realized I forgot my clothes in my room. I took a towel and put it on the seat of my power wheelchair. I hopped into the chair and threw another towel over my lap. I went in the hallway to my room, as I was going the manager looked at me in a funny way, I said “what?'' She said nothing. I went to my bedroom and closed my door behind me. I threw on some clothes before the manager came to check on me, she knows I need to help to put deodorant on and shirt on. She did that for me and took the towels away. When she was doing that, I saw the van was coming into the driveway. I went to the kitchen to wait because I know my roommates like to tell me about the movie they saw. They came into the house then I heard my name, Todd, Todd, you missed a good movie! They told me everything about it. I laughed and listened to them. While they were telling me about the movie, they helped set the table for dinner. The lasagna was ready for a long time, I was ready to finally eat. While we were eating our dinner, the manager said, “Hey guys, I have to tell you something and it isn’t the best news. I am leaving here for a new job.” Everyone was in shock when she said that. I know I wasn’t expecting it to happen, and neither was anyone else. She had worked there for almost two years, but we all felt like we knew her for a longer time. She was like a family. They asked her a lot of questions. She answered every one they had. I always felt she was a very good manager because she would always listen to us. I’ve gotten good at reading people's body language over the years. It was easy to tell that a lot of the guys were scared and upset.  When they don’t like something, they act in different ways. But a lot of the time staff seemed to ignore their responses to things. They think that I don’t know anything because it’s technically their job to know everything so I just sat back and watched. But I am lucky because I heard the knock at the door and it was my girlfriend Amy. I opened the door, she said, “Hi, Todd.” I said Hi, to her then she walked in and said Hi, to everyone. Then the manager got up from the table, and she walked with us to my room. When we were going to my room, I asked the manager, “Are you going to be ok out there by yourself?” she said, “Yes Todd I am going to be fine.” Then she closed my bedroom door behind her and she said through the door, “no worries no one is opening the door.” I said to my girlfriend, “We are alone” she said, “I know and it’s about time, I missed you” We started kissing and she said to me, “I want you now!” she never usually spoke like that so I didn’t know where it came from. She took everything off and I did too. Then you know the rest. Right after She said she had to go. I said goodbye and She left, I felt like it was a booty call! I was sad when she left because I wanted more time with her and to cuddle. But is it bad to say I didn’t care as much because my feelings towards Kelly were getting stronger? So I went back to the kitchen to see what everyone was doing and everything was fine. So I went to the bathroom and said goodnight to everyone. I went to my room and closed my door; I went on my computer for a few minutes. Tomorrow is Valentine’s Day so I wrote my girlfriend saying “Happy Valentine’s Day” then I wrote Kelly the same thing with a picture of a rose at the end of it. Kelly wrote me back fast. She said, “Thank you Todd, and happy Valentine’s Day to you!” I told her that I am going to bed now and thinking about you. She wrote me back. “Good night to my handsome guy!” So, a few weeks went by, the manager made sure I got everything I wanted before she had to leave. I was still talking to Kelly every day, luckily it hadn’t slowed down. As for my girlfriend, we weren’t talking nearly as much as I do with Kelly. She still comes over when she has time like a booty call. There was starting to be something wrong with this. So, I am starting to be happy for the first time in years since I lived in the group home. I felt like I was starting my life, but I felt like something was still missing. I wrote a letter to our manager when she was leaving. I wanted her to feel like she had done something here. To tell her she helped my life and others. She was there when I needed something and she was always there to talk.  We threw her a little going away party so the day wouldn’t be so sad. I met the new manager at the party and I was not crazy about him.
Over the past 5 years, I watched a lot of people come in and out of our life. Which was the system they wanted. They didn’t want their workers to become friends with us. They felt that we didn’t know anything. I know it is a hard job to care for other people that need help. I’m not saying that I was easy to care for but I always tried to have fun with them. I always tried to make it more enjoyable for both of us. But if I saw something, I thought it wasn't right. I am going to tell someone about it. One day the staff was yelling at one of my roommates because he made a mistake on something. There is a difference between yelling at someone and showing him or her the correct way so it doesn’t happen again. It was abuse to him and it was wrong to be yelling that way, especially with everyone that could hear you in the group home. I liked her, but I thought it was wrong so I had to tell her to the new manager. I always felt that God put me in this group home for a reason. Maybe to help them and watch over them. I could do more than a lot of my roommates, they were sadly a lot less functioning than I was. So, I always had this sense of a big brother role. I did what was best for them and me. I know they didn’t like me a lot of the time because I was telling them. They are nice in front of others and me but when they are in a different room they talk behind our backs. One thing that really bothered me is when a new staff would start the other staff would tell them stories about all of us. It was unfair because then the new person would already be thinking of us in a certain way. It was usually never in a good way either. The group home was 24/7 care. It was hard to find a good person to do the overnight shift because they had to clean the home when everyone was sleeping and they were usually noisy. I’m not a hard sleeper, so sometimes it could aggravate me. I knew that we are having a new overnight person start. Her name was Cheryl and I was told she was starting tonight. I knew I wanted to play a joke on her so I waited till everyone went to bed and the staff had left. Knowing she would be in the living room I decided to roll in there and put the playboy channel on. She looked up from the paperwork she was reading and said, “Oh yeah, I’ve done that before, I’d like to do that, I’ve done that too.” We both busted out laughing.  I liked to screw with the new staff so I can get a feeling for how they are like. I talked with her for a little bit and introduced myself. She seemed like a great person from the start. A few weeks went by, she didn’t work every night but I knew when she did it was always great being able to stay up and have conversations with her. The group home's staff was always warned not to socialize with any of us outside the group home. But Cheryl knew that socializing with me outside of work was doing something on their own time and the agency couldn’t tell staff what they could and could not do when they were not on their clock. We grew to be friends, what is wrong with talking to me if she sees me out somewhere? I never understood it. When I stayed up and talked to her, sometimes she would tell me things I needed to know so I could watch my back. I really appreciated it; it was a good fit between us. Cheryl knew the first night we met, that I was “smart in the head” and she didn’t understand why I was here in this group home. I told her why I was here because my parents moved to Florida and my insurance is good here so I stayed here. She told me everything about her, I told her about the group home. We exchanged our thoughts and it was nice to finally have someone who worked here and understood me. In my book it has a lot of information on me, it said that I am hard of hearing. I played it because I’m not dumb but they want to think that, it is fine. So, I had heard that the group home was going to be starting a “behavior program”. I had seen a book in the living room one day; I’m guessing someone forgot to put it back. It was a book with a lot of information but what made me mad was when I saw my name on one of the lists. We did not need a behavior program, and I most certainly did not. I figured this is just another way for them to get more money. That has to be the only reason why my name is in there, they made something up about me; so, they could put me in the program and get the extra money. It isn’t going to work because I was not going to let them do this to me. So I waited a few days, I knew that I had a meeting coming up so I could say something then. I asked one staff member for all my papers. Well, they didn’t like that idea because it was “confidential.” They tried to say I can’t see them, I laughed at them. I said “ok but I have a question if I am doing something wrong. Would you tell me then I can fix the problem You are having?`` They looked at me confused; Then they tried to tell me that one person was coming to see what everyone’s behavior was like. I said “Oh really, when? “ They said “tomorrow sometime,” I said “ok and I’m not going to my day program tomorrow because I want to talk with her and everyone” Then they tried again with me, “you can’t stay home because you want to” Then I said to them, “well I am going to my bedroom but I don’t know, I hope it is safe, is it?” They said, “Todd.” I said goodnight and shut my door. The Next morning, I didn’t get dressed for the program on purpose so they would get it. I went to the bathroom, and back to my bedroom to be safe here. I was hoping so but the staff came to my bedroom and asked me what was wrong. I said, “nothing but I want answers and I’m not leaving for the program.” The staff tried to talk me into going to my program then I said, “No it is my right to do this. You cannot force me. I would like to eat breakfast. Is that a behavior issue too? Then the staff walked out from my bedroom, I heard the manager walking in and he said Good morning. Has everyone left for their programs this morning? I yelled to him, NO. Then he walked into my bedroom. He had a shocked face on. I said to him, “Oh I want to start to work on my meeting. It is coming soon” And good you are here because I would like to see all my notes about the behavior book on me.” He looked at me like he didn’t know what to say. He walked out of the room, so I was waiting and waiting. I know what he was doing but I didn’t say anything. He came back to my bedroom and opened it to my area and nothing was there, so I said to him, “Ok but you do realize if you are lying to me it is abuse?” He walked out of the bedroom again without a word from him. I got in my wheelchair to go to the kitchen to have breakfast, and told them that “I am going to my day program now”. I didn’t want to be stuck there when they weren’t going to help me. They said ok. I was 90 minutes late, which isn’t bad. Seeing as it lasts 6 1⁄2 hours. Staff and I were in the van, he started to talk to me, “oh my God you are so good and I was shitting my pants.” I said to him, “did he take it out of the book before I looked?” he said nothing but smiled at me. Then I know the truth; they do have something on me for the behavior program.  I don’t understand why they couldn’t talk to me about what the issue was. I got there and told my boss I’m sorry for being late, I had a housing problem and I had to fix it. The new manager at the time told everyone that Todd was not all there in the head. After a while, some staff believed the Manager was the one not there! The manager warned staff not to become too friendly with Todd because he used staff, then blew them in for something they said or did. Eventually, I went on and did more digging. The staff that drove me to the program told me everything that was going on and what I needed to know. I couldn’t stand to hear what was being said about me. One day I went to the manager and asked him who the hell he thought he was talking about one of the guests at the home like that. He told me that he didn’t say anything like that so I decided I would just let It blow over as I didn’t know who to believe. Then Jennifer looked up at me, she said to me, “come on did they put you on a behavior program.” I said to her, “yes, they did.” So, I changed my mood and was not friendly. They hated it, I went months without talking to them and I didn’t do anything there. I was to be quite there; I was going up to town a lot by myself for up to 12 hours. So, I wasn’t there much. When it was my turn to cook, I was there then I left when I was done, I came home when It is starting to get dark out then I asked for my dinner. They would feed it to me, they know that I love to be outside. I know that they can’t say no to feeding me because it was their job and they were just sitting around anyways. A few times they would ask me, “bring old Todd back please.” I said nope to them. My favorite staff came up to me to say please Todd. I said to her, “you know that I don’t like to get a fork from anyone and I did so I am doing this for a long time.” She said to me, “I know Todd but I need my old Todd back.” So, I did bring old myself back but only when she was on, then a few months later. She got fired because a new staff member blew her in for something, I was upset because I had only her to talk to. When I was in town by myself, we met up and talked about stuff. She said to me, “you need to move, fork the group home!” I said to her, “I am trying to.” We texted each other and stayed friends. Then Jennifer asked me, “what were you doing in town for 12 hours?” I said to her, “Well, I was tanning myself, sitting at the pool and sitting in the red caboose. It was an ice cream place, and I met nice people. I will talk to you about red caboose a little later.” I went home when it was starting to get dark outside when I was at a group home. I ate, cleaned up, and went to my room. I was talking to Amy and Kelly. Jennifer asked me, “please tell me more about them.” I said okay to her. 
When I moved into the group home, they took my food stamp away. So, when they had a staff meeting at the house, they were using our food stamps for buying cookies, doughnuts, chips, and pops. When I got home, I saw everything they had for their staff meeting party. They were trying to put everything away before everyone got home, sometimes the meeting would run late. When it was summertime or over 40 degrees outside I could ride my power wheelchair home and I could leave the workshop early plus I knew when they were having the staff meeting because they shopped for the meeting the night before. So, one day I said to them, can I have my Medicaid card please and put it in my wallet. They tried to say I couldn’t have it. I said to them, number one whose name is on it? MINE! Number two my doctor wants me to eat 3000c and number three I am the payee. They went to get a manager, he said to me, “what up? Todd.” I said to him, “I said the same things to the staff and I said this to him, if I was riding around the town then something happened to me, I do need an insurance card. It is my Medicaid card, and I know you are using it for the staff meeting party with my money. So, I would like to have my Medicaid card, please. He said I have to call the higher up to get it approved. I said, OK. I will email them too. He looked at me in an upset way. I said to him, you aren’t giving me my things so I have the right to write them. In an hour I got my Medicaid card in my wallet and next month I can go food shopping for myself. I was happy when I got my food stamp back and they can’t use it anymore, I know they were mad at me. I don’t care because it was mine and I can get something I like. Sometimes their dinner was bad and I think a dog doesn’t want to eat our dinner and I am a very fussy eater, sometimes I didn’t eat what they had because the smell was turning my stomach around. So, I have spaghetti in a can. It was food I liked to eat when I don’t like the food they are having, it was happening 3 times out of a week. So, they did tell me how much food stamps I got, it wasn’t much but $16 for a month. I was laughing because it was nothing to live off for a month, so I planned what food I wanted. I wanted to make lasagna. While I was making everyone mad about food stamps, I still was talking to Kelly and my girlfriend over the computer. I told them what I did and they were laughing and they were in shock about what I did. A few weeks went by, it was my turn for food shopping. A roommate wanted to go with me, so we went to the store and I got out of the van then I heard my name, Todd, Todd. The beautiful blonde girl walked up to me, she said “Hi Todd.” I said, “Hi back to her.” I have no idea who she was. I was so lucky when she told my staff her name. She said, “I am Kelly!” Then I put my arm around her and smile at her.  She said to me, “It was a very long time to see you in person.” I said, “Oh yes, it is and I am glad you saw me when I was getting out of the van.” She said, “Me too but I have to go because I have to go to work in 5 minutes, I'll text you later.” She kissed me on my side. When she was walking away from me, I was looking at her and she did turn her head around to look at me. When I couldn’t see her anymore, I went into the store but everything was blank and I could not hear anything. I got things for my lasagna. We went home, then my roommate was telling everyone that I had a pretty girl come and kiss me. I said to myself; you don’t have an idea of how to feel like. I let it go because they don’t know her but I do because we are talking every day and we didn’t ask for any pictures. When I saw Kelly for the first time in over a month, it made me want to know her more. So, after dinner, I went to my bedroom and was thinking to myself. I had to work hard to be able to go places by myself.  I knew I could, but other people didn’t think I was able to. A place I love to go by myself is the mall; I get 4 hours to be by myself in the mall. Plus, when my friend Bill takes me out on the weekend that is always fun plus sometimes I meet nice girls when I am out. I would use the mall for a meeting place or to go on a date there. This would be once I get comfortable enough and have been talking to them for a while. Since I have used the mall for other girls and it had been a fun time in the past. I was thinking of asking Kelly if she would meet me there. I had been talking to Kelly for a while now. Since I saw her today, I felt like it was time for the next step; I was scared because I knew I liked Kelly and I wanted to get to know her more. But what if it didn’t work out like I have been hoping for it too.  I decided to write an email to her, “Hi, princess. It was good to see you at the grocery store earlier, I was thinking for a long time now. Do you want to meet up at the mall sometime soon?” I was worried that she would say no or stop talking to me. When I was thinking about all of this, I heard my phone going off. It was Kelly, she said, “you know that I am at work but I got your email, yes I would like to go to the mall with you. What did you buy at the store?” I was so happy when I read her text because I thought it would never happen. I am glad I was wrong and I was relieved once I got it off my chest. I wrote back to her, “I bought things to make lasagna tonight.” She said to me “I’ve never tried to make it before, you’ll have to show me”. We chatted back and forth for a bit and worked on a better date for her to meet me at the mall, also so I can get transportation there. They always give me a hard time; they ask me “why are you going to the mall a lot?” I said to them, “it is my right to go and my freedom to go.” They never liked it when I said that because they can’t say no to me. If they said no, I could get them in trouble. I had to wait a week to go to the mall, but it was fine because we can still talk more. She asked me, “What are we doing at the mall?” I said to her “Oh window shopping, walk around and dress up if you want to.”  She wrote back to me, “What do you mean? Dress up.” I wrote back to her “Oh I like to play a game. If we are rich, pick what we would wear and then model it. Then I know what you like to wear also or you if you don’t like something.” She wrote back to me, “I never hear from guys that they want to try clothes on at the mall. I am excited now.” I wrote back, “I went shopping with my mother and sister every weekend at the mall and I know girls like their guy to wait for them to try clothes on. I like to do it but I’m not gay!” She wrote back, “LOL! Ok, I can’t wait to do it with you.” I said to her, “good! I am going to pick 3 different clothes for you and you have to model in front of me. She said, “WHAT! REALLY!” I said yes to her. She said, “I don’t know about this, you're crazy! But I'll give it a shot” It was one long week for me because I was excited to see her and this time it is going to be by ourselves. We talked over the computer when we both had time to write, every time it was saying Hi, how are you doing? Or we talked for hours; we talked about anything that came to mind. Sometimes it was personal stuff, we talked more than I ever had with my girlfriend. It was sad, but I tried to talk to my girlfriend. She was always busy or not a good time for us to talk but I didn’t really mind because I was busy with Kelly. I tried keeping myself busy throughout the week so it would go by quicker. When the day came, oh boy I was so scared and afraid but I didn’t understand why because I have met plenty of other girls before. I didn’t tell anyone why I was going to the mall because I knew they would try and stop me from meeting with her at the mall. When I was in the mall, I had time before she was going to come, so I looked around everywhere and was thinking of a plan. It was time to meet her, she was a few minutes late, and it wasn't a big deal to me because I wasn’t in a rush, especially because of my nerves. When I saw Kelly walking towards me, she had a big smile on and my heartbeat was going faster. She said, “Hi Todd!” then she gave me a hug and kiss on the side of my face. We started walking around the mall. She was thirsty, so we stopped to get a drink for her and she asked if I wanted a drink. I said “no Thank you” I started to take my wallet out, she said “no Todd!” and insisted on letting her buy it. I said alright fine, only because it was just a drink anyway. We were walking again but she asked me a question and I never heard it before from any girls. She wanted to drive my power wheelchair. I said sure and so I turned it down for her. She was driving it for a few minutes then she looked at me and said, “Are you going to put your arm around me?” I didn’t think twice before my arm went around her. I like when girls tell me what they want so I know I am not going over the line. I like to play it safe. If I tried anything first, I am worried it would come back on me because of the way “I look” or may seem to others. When we were walking, she wanted to stop at the jewelry place because she wanted a new belly button ring. I said “Okay!”  I kept my arm around her. She told me that she loved butterfly things. So, I remembered somewhere I had a pretty butterfly shirt, when she was done looking at the jewelry, I asked her, “are you ready for rich shopping and being my model?” she said, “Yes I am.” So, I showed her where I would like to go with my head because my good arm is busy around her. She said, “Okay Todd you drive in here now because the area is too small for me to do. She was looking for a long time, but I didn't care because she seemed happy. She did find the butterfly shirt and she wanted to try it on.  She went into the changing area and she came out. She didn’t have the shirt on for some reason. I said, “I thought you were going to model it for me.” She said, “I was but It is see-through and I’m not comfortable doing it in here” then she went down by my ear and said to me “don’t worry Todd. You will see it later.” I looked at her and I gave her a big smile. I said to her, I still have 3 picks for you to model for me. She said, “oh do you?”  We went to Macy’s where I saw a beautiful blue dress for her. She said she didn’t like it because she liked the color pink better. I saw one; she said “okay Todd I am going to put it on for you” When she came out of the dressing room, my eyes were hurting because she was so beautiful. Everyone was stopping and looking at her. When she went back to change someone said to me, “wow your sister is beautiful.” I got upset a little bit but I brushed it off. I didn’t have time to type “She isn’t my sister!” before they walked away. When she came out again, she saw me and I was a little upset. She asked me, “Is everything ok?” I said to her, “Everything is fine, and wow look at the time! We only have 20 minutes left.” I didn’t want our time to end yet, but I’m glad we finally got to hang out, just the two of us. We went to my exit, where my staff would be picking me up at the door. I saw my staff was there already, So I didn’t want to kiss her in front of my staff. I felt bad but I think Kelly understood why. She walked me out and she said, “I’ll talk to you later.” 
When I got in the van, I turned my head to the window because I wanted to see Kelly before I left to go to the group home, I don’t like that place I want to move out of there, I want to start my own life but I know it won’t happen but I never said my home because it isn’t my home. I thought it would help me to move out of there. Well, I was wrong because it is going to be 6 years I’ve been there. I never put my feelings out there because I know they will say to me that I need to go to see a doctor because I am depressed. So, I kept my feelings to myself and hoped that one day my dream would come true. When the van started to move, she was still looking at me and I was looking at her too. I know we have something special between us and I want more of it. When I was going to college” I was thinking about things. I know I had a smile on my face because the staff kept asking me who she was. I said, “Oh she is Kelly” then the staff said “Oh She texts you every minute” I smiled at the staff and I didn’t say anything else because it wasn’t their business but I knew I had to do something if I wanted to see her again. I want to put her on the list so I don’t have any problem with them and I would love to see her again and maybe she will come over to see or take me out. It was a long ride because I wanted to text her. It wasn’t a 15-minute ride but It was long.  So, when I got to “college,” I knew it was my turn to help cook dinner. They like when it is my turn to cook because I tried to make the best dinner they have. So, I went to my bedroom to put my phone on the bed then I went out to the kitchen to start cooking and I had to tell them how to do it. I can hear my phone going off but I didn’t answer it because it can wait and I didn’t think it was Kelly and I know she is going to work after the mall. When the food was cooking, I asked myself I wonder who’s messaging me but I couldn’t stop thinking about Kelly and the mall today. So, I waited for dinner to be done so I could go to my bedroom and relax. When dinner was over, I went to the bathroom then to my bedroom to get my phone. I had 5 texts from Kelly, I was shocked but I am so happy I got texts from her. it said, “I had fun, I want to see you again, you are handsome, when can we meet up again and you are a very nice guy!” I looked at my phone for a very long time before I answered her back, the truth is I don’t know what to say to her. So I went on my computer to write her back “Hi, honey, you are beautiful and I couldn’t stop thinking about you when I left you today but I had the best time of my life when we were in the mall and I would love to see you again.” A few minutes went by, she was on the computer and we were talking all night long. We talked about anything we wanted, sometimes it was personal stuff. She answered my questions then I had answered her questions too, I was scared because I don’t know why she was into me. So, I answered as truthfully as I could. I felt different from her because I know that I won’t get to second base with her but I don’t care because we are talking and joking around. Then it was morning time and I had to go to my day program. I hate it but I went to it because I have to go because it is the rule at the group home, they want their money and they don’t care what I want. They wanted me there so I ran around and watched people. Then I heard my phone going off, so I went to the staff that I know, if they would help me with my phone because I am in my power wheelchair, I can’t use my phone independently. I went to find the right person to help me use the phone. When I found the right person to help me she got my phone out of my side power wheelchair. She showed me my phone and it was Kelly. I was shocked because we were talking all night. I didn’t go to sleep last night. I was shocked. I knew she went to the mall to meet me and she went to work then we talked all night long. She showed me her text; She read her text to me, it said, “I miss you!” Oh my God, it made my day special because I know she is thinking about me. She helped me text her back, “I miss you too, I am in the program and I can’t stop thinking about you.” She was helping me with my phone, she asked me, “Is she your new girlfriend?” I said, “No,” I wish she was but I met her a month ago and we talked everyday and I saw her yesterday. We met in the mall and we walked around, joking around and trying clothes on. Then Pat said, “She is your girlfriend!” I said, “Oh stop thinking that because I have a girlfriend already.” She said to me, “I know that you have a girlfriend but I guess you aren’t happy with her because you were out with a different girl yesterday and she said that I miss you. I can tell you when a girl said, “I miss you.” That means she is thinking about you and she wants you.” I said to her, she is so pretty and yesterday I was with her at the mall. I felt like I was in love but I do have a girlfriend. She told me that I should ask Kelly to come over to your place for a visit. I am going to text her that and please don’t worry about it. I said go ahead, I know she will say no because I thought she was too busy and I was in the group home. Well, she sent it to her before I saw it. Then the manager walked into the room I was in; I don’t like him because he thinks that He is all that. His name was Knob, he wanted me to come to his office. I went with him, and then I heard my phone make a noise when I was with him. He started talking about rules, “no cell phone” because I am “working.” Then I said to him, “Am I working? Where is my PAY?” Before he started again, I said to him, I have the right to ask someone to help me out. Is it our deal? He said to me, “Yes, it is but you can’t use your cellphone here.” I said to him, “Well, we have a problem here then because I’m not sitting around and looking at the wall plus I’m not “playing myself” plus you know that I need help. Are you happy when I am here because the state pays for this program? I think it is the best time for me to go today.” Please call the group home to get me now. Then he tried to say something but I didn’t listen to him because I am here because the state pays for the workshop when I am there, I am tired of it because I am doing nothing here. So, the group home got me but I was waiting for an hour for them but it is 2 miles away. I didn’t know it took an hour to get me but I was happy to leave because I am sick of there and I am tired of Knob because he knows that I need help and staff is there to help me. When I got back to the group home, I was upset because I keep going there and I am tired of it. Then I said to myself; it is time for a little game. So, the next day I went to the workshop and I went around there about 5 times, I found a person to help me. I wanted to text my princess. A person said to me, “You can’t.” I said to that person, “I know but is it my right to ask for help, and if you said no., I can abuse papers because you said no.” I got a few texts in before Knob gets to me. I went with him to his office; he said the same things and now he wants my phone to stay at the group home. I said to him, ``NO, NO, NO, and I want my caseworker at the group home and call my group home to get me in 15 minutes or I am riding my wheelchair there.” He didn’t know what to say to me because we hit heads together and I don’t like him. This time my group home came before 10 minutes, they said to me, “Are you OK?” I said to them, “yep, I am fine but I need to talk to my caseworker asap.” Then their eyes got larger because they know that when I said caseworker that means I have a problem with something. They took me to a group home and I heard that my caseworker is coming in 2 hours so I took a shower. I was laughing in the shower because I was in the mood to get everyone in trouble. When I was done with my shower, I told them that I was hungry. They fed me my lunch; I was done eating my lunch. My caseworker came in. We went to my bedroom, and we talked about the workshop. I said to her, “in my bedroom, I can text independently so why do I have to sit in the workshop and do nothing? I am asking any staff member to help me with my phone. I am going to the workshop and It isn’t a job! It is a program and I am sitting there; I am doing what I want to do now and I am thinking about not going anymore.” Then she tried to say that it is the rule to go, I said to her, “Well, look at me, do you know the papers that you want me to sign every year about my rights?” She said yes! It is my right not to go, and then her face was not happy. She couldn’t say anything because I was right, I was waiting for her to say something but she didn’t. I asked her to call Knob to tell him that I am going there but I have 20 texts a day. She called him in front of me. He agrees with what I wanted. Then my case worker left my bedroom, I said to myself, “He is a big jerk! He is afraid of my caseworker! He didn’t give her any problem about 20 texts!” I stayed in my bedroom; I texted my girlfriend but she was busy. So, I texted Kelly and we talked a little while, we wanted to see each other. Then I told her that on Monday I am home, do you want to come over for lunch and learn how to feed me? she texts me back, “sure! Do you want me to bring anything?” I text her back, “no, honey. I got everything.” She said to me, “ok, I am leaving to go to work now and I will text you later.” I texted her back, “ok, please be safe. I am going to take a little nap.” She texts back, “I am hoping that you have a nice nap and text you later.” I said Thank you to her then I crawled in my bed, I was sleeping under 3 minutes. I heard my phone go off but I didn’t get it. I slept for a long time; I was dreaming about Kelly. Then I woke up because the staff was being noisy and it was around dinner time anyway, I was sitting on the side of my bed. I looked at my phone, it was my girlfriend Amy. She wants to come over to see me tonight or tomorrow, so I crawled in my power wheelchair and went to the kitchen. I asked the staff, “What are we doing tonight or tomorrow night because Amy would like to stop by and see me.” the staff said to me, “It is your call. Come tell us when you know when your visitor is coming.” I said ok and thank you to them. I went to my bedroom and texted my girlfriend, I said to her, “Hi, honey. I was sleeping, do you want to come tomorrow night?” I went back to my power wheelchair; I was going to the kitchen. I was saying to myself, “Is it a booty call or do I actually have a relationship with Amy?”
When I was eating my dinner, I heard my phone going off. I waited until I was done with my dinner, and the staff asked me, “when is your visitor coming?” I told them, “I texted her and told her to come tonight or tomorrow night. I am waiting for her answer.” They said ok to me. When I was done with my dinner and I was waiting for everyone to be done with their dinner, I went to my bedroom and looked at my phone. I got texts from Amy and Kelly, sadly, I went to Kelly’s texts first because I felt that we had more of a relationship than Amy. I opened Kelly’s texts, it said, “Hi, handsome, I am excited for Monday and I miss you so much.” Then I went to Amy’s texts, it said Hi, babe. Tomorrow is fine. I am so excited to see you again.” So, I answered my girlfriend first because I was in her text already, I said to her, “Hi, I can’t wait to see you. I miss you.” Now I went to Kelly's texts, I said to her, “Hi, honey. I miss you too, I can’t stop thinking about you.” Then I asked myself, “what am I doing here? I have beautiful 2 girls that are texting me and I’m not a player. I don’t know if my girlfriend has real feelings for me and when she comes over here It is only a booty call. Now Kelly is different because we are talking every day and having fun. I like Kelly more than my girlfriend, what do I do? I have to wait and see what happens I guess.” I was sitting in front of the computer and I heard a bell going off on the computer, it was Kelly. We talked for hours again and I am happy. When I was talking to Kelly, I was thinking about that day we had at the mall. I felt like we were a couple that day because she wanted my arms around her and we were laughing, and she gave me a kiss. Then she wrote to me, “I’m sorry, I am very tired babe. I am falling asleep when I am talking to you.” I said to her, “no need to apologize, babe, I understand because yesterday we went to the mall, you worked and we talked all night long. I am hoping that you have a good night's sleep and I will talk to you, tomorrow babe. XO.” She didn’t write back; I was thinking that X O is too soon, “Is it?”  Then I was thinking about tomorrow, I have to go to the workshop and my girlfriend is coming over tomorrow night. I went to sleep until morning time, I got up and I checked my phone. I had no messages. I got dressed and went to the kitchen. A staff member saw me then we went to my bedroom, the staff put my deodorant and shirt on for me. We went back to the kitchen, I had French Toast for breakfast. Then I got ready to go to the workshop, but my phone didn’t ring yet. Now, I am starting to get worried because I put O X. I was at the workshop and I saw Pat. I said Good morning to her. I have a question; I showed her the' last text I wrote to Kelly. I told Pat, “I am kind of scared because I put X O.” she said to me, “Todd, you are fine. Did she hug and kiss you?” I said yes to her. She said to me, “don’t worry about it and I bet you that She is still sleeping.” I said to her, “Ok, Thank you.  Now I have 19 left to go.” She said to me, “no Todd, you asked me a question and read it. That doesn’t count, you have 20 texts left to text.” I said Thank you to her. Then an hour later, I heard my phone going off a lot. I was starting to go to see Pat, I was waiting for her to get done with what she was doing. She saw me, she came over to me and got me my phone out. She said Oh boy to me, she showed me all the texts from Kelly. She said to me, “Thank you.  You are cute. Handsome. You made my morning special. XOXO.” I read all the messages she sent. Now, I don’t know what to say to her. Then Pat is writing a text to Kelly, I was comfortable when she was writing it. She showed me what she wrote to her, “Hi, honey, I am hoping that you had, nice sleep. I am thinking of you every minute I can. I am at the workshop now Grr. I can’t wait to see you again. XOXO.” Then she wrote back, “I know you hate the workshop, I'm sorry. I can’t stop thinking about you. I would like to see you before Monday if I can. I am leaving for work now because they need me to come early but I wanted to text you first before I left. XOXO.” I sent her, “Thank you. I am hoping you have a good day at work. XOXO.” Then Pat said to me, “She is your girlfriend!” I said to her, “PAT if she was, I am so happy because we understand each other and when I see her, I am happy and I would like to get to know her a little more. I can’t do it tonight because Amy is coming tonight. Then Pat said to me, “why don’t you try to do it on a different night when you know that your girlfriend is not coming.” I said to her, “I would but I am living with 5 different guys and I am kind of worried about what they will say to my girlfriend or Kelly.” She said oh yeah to me.  Then she looked at me and said to me, “that night you met Kelly, she saw you with a girl, right?” I said yes to her. She said to me, “there are 2 things you can do here.” I said to her, “what is that, Pat?” She said to me, “You can ask her to come over on a different day and I know she will or wait until Monday.” I said nothing to her because I want to see Kelly asap. Before I left the workshop, I went to see Pat. I said to her, “when my girlfriend leaves tonight, I will text Kelly to ask her to come over to visit me tomorrow night.” She said to me, “I know that you are crazy for her and I think you will get far with Kelly. Please don’t worry about it, I would like you to do it. Go with it and relax.” I said ok to her, I went to my “college” and I helped to do dinner. I know my girlfriend is coming over at 7ish, so I ate my dinner and cleaned my bedroom plus took shower. I had 30-minutes left, I was sitting by the dinner table and waiting for my girlfriend to come. So, I was sitting by the table and I was waiting for my girlfriend to come, then I went to my bedroom to check my phone and turn it down. Then I heard a knock at the door, so I went back to the kitchen to open it, it was my girlfriend. She walked in and she said Hello to everyone, then we went to my bedroom and closed my door. When we were in there, we talked little but we went at it. She stayed for a long time, she left after 11 pm. I was very shocked because it doesn’t feel like 4 hours. I feel like It wasn't a booty call but I was thinking about Kelly all the time when she was there. Then an overnight person was there. She said to me, “How was your night?” I said to her, “it was nice.” Then I looked at the clock, I said to her, “sadly, it is time for Kelly. So, I went to my bedroom to sit by the computer and wait for Kelly. When I was waiting for Kelly, I was talking to an overnight person for a little while. I heard the bell going off on my computer, I got so excited because it was Kelly. We talked for hours and we wanted to see each other, so I said to her, “what are you doing after work on Friday?” She said to me, “I'm going home because I have a hot guy waiting for me.” Then I sat in front of the computer and I said nothing because I don’t know how to act on it. A few minutes went by, then she said to me, “are you still there?” then I said to her, “yes I am.” She said to me, “good because my hot guy is YOU!” when I saw that. I was so happy but I don’t know why I was quiet for a few minutes. I do have a girlfriend and I think Kelly is more of a friend. I said to her, “aww, you made my night special.” Then she said to me, “Todd, you made my night special every time we talked and I am looking forward to going home every night so I can talk to you.” then I said to her, “aww, I want to be honest with you. I've been thinking about you every minute I can. So, I can't wait until Monday to see you, I would like you to come over after work.” She said to me, “Is it too late to visit?” I said to her, “Well, always my friend Bill comes over after 10 pm to take me out. I did ask the staff if it is ok; I have someone visit me after 10 pm because she is working. They said sure.” She said to me, “wow Todd, I guess so if it is ok.” I said to her, “I thought you were more excited because we talked about seeing each other before Monday.” She said to me, “I am excited to see you but I am very shocked that it is ok for me to come after 10 o’clock.” I said to her, “babe, I had to fight for what I wanted. I want to move out of the group home and if I say I got a place on my own and I know that you can’t come until after 10 o’clock, it will be the same thing.” She said to me, “OK Todd, I will come.” I said to her, “I am so excited.” Then we talked about stuff and we were joking around. I looked at the clock and it was 3 o’clock in the morning. When I was talking to Kelly, I was thinking that I am going to be tired tomorrow but I don’t care because I am happy. Then overnight came into my bedroom, she said to me, “Are you still up?” I said to her, “yep, I am and I don’t know why but I am crazy for her. Maybe she is my “fish in the sea” because everyone said to me that you will find your “fish in the sea.” I know it is crazy but I really like her because she is different and every night we talk. I feel that it increases our friendship. Plus, it happened itself.” She said to me, “you are so smart and it is killing me to see you in the group home.” I said to her, “I am hoping that I can move out of the group home with someone or myself but for now I have her to talk to and it is helping me to have a good mood and maybe it will help me out in my lifetime.” Now, it is after 4 o’clock in the morning. I told the overnight person that I am going to take a bath in a few minutes, she said to me, “ok, I will set it up for you.” I said Thank you to the overnight person, I knew that Kelly was tired because she worked 16 hours. Then Jennifer turned her head around, she asked me, “what were you guys talking about?” I said to Jennifer  “we were talking about anything we wanted and we were joking around. The best part was she made me so comfortable for me, we were talking were about when we were children, our parents, how the /day was, what was our mind and about sex.” She said to me, “wow Todd, sex!” I said to her, “I know she was amazing but you need to remember that I saw her 2 times in person. We talked over the computer and text message for a few months plus I don’t have any pictures of her. I felt our relationship was better because all we do is talk. The best part was I wasn’t the talker and I had nothing to say but when we talked, I felt like I was different around her.”    
Anyway, I was talking to Kelly all night long and I loved it. We talked a little more then she said to me, “I am so tired babe.” I said to her, “yeah, Me too honey.” We said Good night to each other and XO too but I waited a minute before I texted her again. I said to her, “Good morning honey.” She sent me a happy face and XO, she sent a text and it said, “always you made me laugh and smile Thank you. XO and I can’t wait Friday night to see you.” I said to her, “I can’t wait and I am excited to see you XO.” I waited for a few minutes, but she didn’t answer, so I know that she is sleeping. I went to take a bath, and I said to myself, “I need a 20-minute cat nap before going to the workshop.” So, I took a fast bath when I was done. I stayed overnight to tell the morning staff to wake me at 7ish. I got about an hour and a half sleep. Yeah, I was tired but something was on my mind. So, I got up and said to myself, “I am going to see Kelly tomorrow night Oh my God.” I got a dress and ate my breakfast so I went to the workshop to say Good morning to Knob, it made my day. NOT. Then I saw Pat, she asked me, “how was last night?” I said to her, “it went well. Amy stayed with me after 11 o’clock and talked to Kelly until after 4 in the morning so I got 90 minutes plus She is coming tomorrow night.” She said to me, “Why are you here then? '' You had 90 minutes of sleep; I am glad Kelly is coming tomorrow.” I said to Pat, “It’s my fault I didn't go to sleep and if I asked to stay home and to sleep then they will want to make rules for me and they aren’t my boss. I am thinking about Kelly, it is helping me to be excited and not tired.” It was a long day because I felt the clock running slow and I was sitting there but I was thinking about Kelly. Then I heard my phone go off, so I went to find Pat. When I was looking for her then I said to myself, “who is texting me? I know It isn’t Kelly because I know she is sleeping until she has to go to work in the afternoon, it is still morning yet. When I found her; she saw me and came over to sit next to me and help with my phone. she said to me, “you got two messages, the first one is from Kelly and the second from Bill.” I said to her, “Bill is my best friend. We went out on the weekend night, so we could meet girls, have a few drinks, and dance our night away. That is how I met Kelly. My parents let me drink with them and their friends too. I didn’t see anything wrong with it but the staff at the group home. They said that I drank too much, that people would take advantage of me, steal from me, and possibly hurt me. One of the staff even thinks that I might be a pedophile.” Then she said to me, “they have a job and they have to think that.” I said to her, “how am I a pedophile? Yes, I do talk to girls of any age and look at them! When I was riding around the town of East Aurora, I saw a cellphone and I stayed there until a person helped me to get it for me. 20 minutes later, a person came and he picked up a cell phone for me. so, I went back to the group home and I showed the staff and we called the last number the person called on a cellphone; the person answered. I found out, the person was a girl and she was working at the red caboose. It is an ice cream place, so I went back to town and gave the cellphone to her. She was so happy and she was saying Thank you 100 times when I brought her. Now, every time I went by the red caboose, she said Hi to me and I stopped to say Hi. Over time I was meeting her friends and I was staying at the red caboose more and the owner came to meet me and said Thank you to me because he felt I was secure for his work and I can eat ice cream when I want but I didn’t do that because I can’t feed myself and I don’t want to ask them to feed me. They are going to high school, yes, they were underage for me but I was looking at it like I was helping them out and listening to them and I didn’t go to high school and college. Yes, I wished I was younger but I was happy because I was helping them out and maybe They felt safer when I was there. Few girls were playing sports, they asked me to come and I did. They said to me that I was giving them luck because they were winning games. They came over to see me because I couldn't go for a ride around town because it was winter. On weekends I go to the bars, do you know why I like to go to the bar and dance club?” she said to me, “no Todd.” I said to her, “ok, I will tell you later but what is pedophile to me; if I was looking or playing with little girls or boys. That is sick and I’m not that person to do it and I don’t know why some people like it. they need to help because it is wrong plus I know that is wrong and I love children. I can see why they said that because I do to say Hi to people and children. I came out of the family nice to everyone and that is why I like going to bars because I feel that I am safe in the bar. Number one, the girls have to be 21 years old. Number two, the staff has no idea what I am doing in the bar. I am so lucky because when I am there, I am seeing some people there. The owner came up to me to meet me and he made his staff and their bouncers meet me. Few bouncers kept an eye on me because I am a disabled person and they are checking on me to make sure I am safe. When Bill is giving me a drink a bouncer comes next to Bill to make sure people don’t hit him and when the bar is slow. I sat with bouncers and we had fun and talked. When the group home takes me to the bar, I am there myself because I got transportation there or Bill can’t do it that weekend. When I was there myself and I was scared but a bouncer saw me and I had no one to help me, a bouncer said to me, “if you need anything, come to me.” I said ok to him but I am thinking that I am going to find him and I was. I was dancing then the bouncer was next to me, he asked me, “are you thirsty?” I said no to him because I felt like It isn’t his job to do it and started drinking then bathroom problems. The bouncer still came next to me and asked me if I wanted a drink and always said no to him, then he went on his knee. I saw him then I used my device because he doesn’t know me yet, I let him read my device because the music was playing. When he read what I put, he laughed too hard then he said to me, “keep it on because I am going to get the bouncers.” People have no idea what is going on but I kept it on my device for him, so he got different bouncers and they read what I wrote. They were laughing.” Pat said to me, “what you wrote to him?”   Well, always they were playing around with me so I said to him, “oh man, I’m sorry I’m not gay. Please get off your knees and I’m not marrying you! I am telling your girlfriend that you are making a move on me.” I had a few dirty words in there but they loved it because I gave it back to them, so, the bouncer got my glass from my bag and he got rum and coke with no ice for me and he tried giving it to me. I was wearing my drink but all the bouncers were nice to me so I needed to go to the bathroom. A bouncer helped me. The staff from the group home have no idea what I was doing there and I feel like I got my security when I was there. Number three, I feel like they are making disabled people look bad because they can say anything they want. After all, I saw it with my own two eyes. Then Pat said to me, “I can’t say about that but I am here to help you so, which one do you want me to read first?” I said Kelly first to her, she opened a text for me. it said, “Hi, handsome I am hoping that you are having a good day and I miss you XO.” It made my day special, then Pat said to me, “what do you want to write to her?” I said to her, “write, Hi, babe, my day is going better now because I heard from you. XO.” Then we opened Bill’s text, it said, “Hi, Todd. What are you doing on Saturday night? Do you want to go party with me? and I will get you.” I told Pat to write to him, so she did it for me. I looked at the clock, it was 11 o’clock. I said to myself, “ok, what is my game plan for tomorrow night with Kelly? Mmm, I know that we are going to my bedroom to talk. What are we talking about? Oh my God, I don’t know what I am doing here because a beautiful girl is coming tomorrow.” I left to go outside for a few minutes because I am worrying about tomorrow and I am so tired. I said to myself, “relax, it is going to be fine because I have a few hours to go until I take a nap and tomorrow night, I have to go with it because I have no idea what is going to happen.” That day was very long but I had a smile on my face when it was time to go home. I was glad to go because I was thinking about taking a nap when I went into the house. Staff said to us to go to the dinner table because we had met, all I was thinking at this point was Oh my God what now. I’m not in the mood to listen to them but I sat at the dinner table like a good little boy, all I was thinking about was Kelly. Kept a smile on my face and listened to them, it went on until dinner time. So, I ate my dinner then I went to my bedroom and set my alarm for 11 pm to get up to talk to Kelly and talk to an overnight person. I fell asleep without any problem. I like to get up at that time because I have 1 on 1 with staff and it relaxes me when I am by myself. I got up before my alarm, I went to the kitchen to say hi who was up and staff. I went to the dinner table because they were sitting there, they asked me, “did you have a nice nap?” I said yes to them. Then I asked them, “can I have a snack?” They said sure to me. I had chocolate pudding; it was low-fat. It was ok but I was dying for pizza and chicken wings but it was too late. Then an overnight person came in when they were feeding my pudding.
The overnight person said to them, “I will finish him.'' She sat next to me and started to feed me. she said to me, “how was your day?” I said to her, “it was fine and long but I am happy.” Then Jennifer turns her head to look at me when we are laying on the couch. Then she asked me, “Did you talk to Kelly that night and go to the workshop the next day?” I said yes to her. she asked me, “is something exciting going on? Because I don’t feel like having to write that again, you talked to Kelly all night long and went to the workshop. I would like to know what happened on Friday night.” I said to her, “no, it is a good idea because we talked and she was so excited to see me and the workshop was boring there. I was sitting around and thinking about her all day long and what do I say to her because I don’t want to make a jerk myself.” Anyway, Friday night I was waiting for Kelly; everyone was up, then I heard the car coming up the driveway, the roommate said, “A very hot blind is walking to the house. I said to myself, “Oh yes, she is all mine.” The roommate opened the door because he saw her when we went food shopping, he said, “Todd, your friend is here.” I was in the kitchen when he said it when I saw her. I feel like a different world, she gave me a hug and kiss on the side of my face. The staff helped us go to my bedroom so we had a long time. When we are in my bedroom, a staff member closes my door so we have time for ourselves. A few minutes went by, and she went over to the door to open it. I was a little shocked by it but I didn’t ask her why did you open the door, then she went to the floor next to me and talked and took pictures of us. Then she wanted to go to the living room to sit down with my roommates, so we did. We were talking to them for about 10 minutes, then she had to go. I did go with her to her car and she kissed and hugged me. She said to me, “I will be home in 25 minutes. We can talk more, see you on Monday.” I said ok to her. I was watching her go, I said to myself, “very odd, why She didn’t want to stay in my bedroom and talk. I thought She wanted to be alone.” I went into the house and looked at the clock, and a staff member said to me, “are you ok?” I said yes to them but I was thinking about what happened, I knew that we won’t have sex tonight because I know It won’t happen because She is so gorgeous and I am nobody. So, I went to the bathroom, then I went to my bedroom and closed my door. I sat there and thought about what mistakes I made. I am thinking about how I made her uncomfortable tonight and She is going to say that She can’t be my friend anymore. I had 20 things going through my mind because I like her a lot. Then the bell went off, I crawled over to my computer. I saw it was Kelly and she wrote to me a lot. I was afraid to read because it is the end, was it? I started to read it and She won't apologize to me because she was uncomfortable there and it wasn’t me. She is explaining how her group home has a lot of rules there then my group home is more freeway and she is explaining to me when we were sitting on the floor, she has a good feeling with me. When I was done reading her messages, I said to her, “do not apologize for anything because there is nothing to apologize for. Some group homes have a lot of rules or more independence. All I want to visit is to feel comfortable but I know the group home makes people uncomfortable to come. When we were sitting together, I liked it but I wish that I had more time with you.” Then she said to me, “You are right, group homes are different and I don’t know why I was uncomfortable there.” I said to her, “babe, do you remember when a staff member closed my door?” she said to me, “I do.” then I asked her, “why?” She said to me, “I don’t know honey.” I said to her, “it is in my program. I can have visitors close the door because I want to have time ourselves.” She said to me, “I’m sorry Todd, I didn’t know that. What was your plan with me; if we stayed in your bedroom?” I said to her, “I didn’t have a plan because all I want you to get to know me and I was a little afraid.” Then she said to me, “afraid?” I said to her, “Oh yes, nothing because I was not a guy to make moves on beautiful girls. I like to wait for the right time with someone because it means a lot to me. Let you know that I was happy when you came tonight!” She said to me, “Me too.” We talked that night and it was different because we were talking about ourselves and more personal stuff. I felt that she was opening more to me and I was too. Then I saw the time, it was 2ish in the morning. I was very shocked by ''time because it went fast and we were still talking. I was tired and I was going to my friend Bill on Saturday night. I did tell her that I am going to Bill’s place and staying there overnight. Then she said to me, “Oh Bill, I remembered him. He was a guy who was helping you when we met. I think he is a cool guy and he is helping you out. That is awesome. What are you and he doing?” I know that I can’t and I won’t lie to her but I am doing it with my girlfriend. I said to her, “I am going to his place after lunch, we will hang out at his place, watch a few movies, have a few drinks, dinner, and go out to listen to the band.” Then she said to me, “He is a good guy, I am glad that he is helping you out over the weekend.” I knew that I told her before but I want to tell her the truth because I was hoping that we have something here. We did talk more and it was hours but this time it felt like she was trying to say to me, “I am here for you.” I want to hear that I’m not looking for anyone else because I like her and we talked a little over a month and we are starting to see each other in person.  We talked a little more but her messages were the longer answer, and I had a feeling that she was falling asleep. I waited 5 minutes before I crawled to my bed and lay down with the computer on. I did sleep until after 10 am but I went to bed before 4 am. I did check my computer for any messages from Kelly and I didn’t, I was glad that I went to bed when I did. So, I went to my power wheelchair to go to the kitchen and I saw a few staff members sitting around the table. I am happy to see them because I called them cool staff; they know that they have a job but they gave us more freedom. I like when they are on because they were nice and let us run the house, but I’m not there on weekends 85% because I am going with my friends, stay over my sister and brother places and go to Florida 2 times out of the year but when I am there over the weekend, I had fun with them. Staff said to me, “Good morning, do you want French Toast this morning?” I said yes to the staff when I was waiting for my breakfast. Few of my roommates were starting to get up so I went to the bathroom and took a shower. They didn’t care that I did that first; they knew how I felt about a clean bathtub. I knew overnight people cleaned it and everyone was sleeping when I got up this morning. Plus, I know that the staff was glad I used the bathtub first because it was safer for me. Then Jennifer asks me, “why?” because I don’t know what they are doing in there and I am sitting in the bathtub. Plus, it was my right to have a clean bathtub. When I was done with my shower, I did eat my breakfast and lunch too. After lunch, I was sitting around and I texted Jennifer and Amy before I turned off my computer. By 2 o’clock I was with my friend Bill, my phone was going off. Both of them wrote to me but I was going to Kelly’s texts first then Amy, both of them said to me, “I miss you. have fun with your friend Bill.” But Amy wants to know what is our plan for tonight and where are we going because she wants to know because she wants to meet us. I said to Amy, “I don’t know what we are doing yet. I will text you as soon as I can.” In an hour, we were taking a nap. Then Jennifer turned her head around and said to me, “together?” she started laughing. I looked at her and I said to her, “NO!” I rolled my eyes in front of her. We took a very long nap because I was relaxed.  When we got up from our nap, I felt better. He looked at me then he said to me, “it is time for dinner but I know you are very thirsty. Do you want some rum and coke?” I said yes to him, he knew I don’t like to ask for help. When he was getting my drink ready, I was checking my phone. I had a lot of text messages from Kelly and Amy; I went to Kelly first. It said, “I know that you are at Bill's place and I know that You can’t text as well as on the computer but I want to say to you that I miss you and I can’t wait until Monday to see you again.” Bill came over and gave me a drink, it was so good. Then he asked me if I needed help. I looked at him, I said to him, “kind of.” He went to the floor next to me and took my phone. He said to me, “what do you want to say to Kelly?” I said to him, `` I am at Bill's place but I am thinking about you a lot and I miss you. XOXO. Then Bill asked me, “Is it Kelly from Valentine’s weekend?” I said to him, “Oh yes and we are talking every day and I am happy but I know that I won’t get on second or third base or homerun with her because she is so gorgeous and she has a big heart too.” I told him everything was going on, then he looked at me. He said to me, “I think that you are doing something different because I have known you for about 15 years. You are doing something different here because Kelly said to you, I miss you! I would keep what you are doing here because I think you will get what you want. Then he said to me, “you got a text message from Amy, it said. “Hi, honey. Where are you and Bill going tonight?” I said to myself, “she wrote that already! I told her that when I know where we are going, I will text her! Oh my God.” Then Bill answers her, we are going to our bar. A few minutes she wrote, “OK, I am going to meet you there.” Then we looked at each other and said, “Did she invite herself?” Then Bill said to me, “it is fine, I guess, she misses you too.” I said to him, “It isn’t OK because I want time alone.” He said to me, “you know that she will stay about an hour or two then she has to go.” I was thinking about Kelly if she comes to see me. Then Bill heard my phone going off again and he got the phone for me, he said it was Kelly and she said, “I miss you and please text me when you are home and can you say Hi, Bill for me.” he looked at me and he said to me, “something is going on here because I think she has hot for you.” I said to him, “maybe and I am hoping so because I like her a lot.” So, he texted her back for me, it said “I promised I will text you soon as I am back at the group home and I told Bill hi for you. I miss my princess XOXO.” She texted back, “go have fun! I miss you, my handsome guy!  XOXO!” He put my phone down and he said to me, “I feel she is comfortable talking around you. How many times have you seen her in person?” I said to him, “on Monday It is going to be fourth and I saw her last night for about 30 minutes but we talked on the computer until 4 am.” Then he said to me, “she is getting comfortable around you!”
I said to him, “Oh Bill, I don’t know what is going on here but I know about this. When I met her, I felt different because she is easy to talk to and when I am with her, I am scared. I had relationships and it was ok but she is different. I’m not getting my hopes up because she is a very gorgeous girl and I know any guy is dying to get her. She can get any man she wants, why me? I am no one and I am living in a group home.” Then he said to me, “Number one, you are Todd and people love you. Number two, she is still talking and she is coming to see you. Number three, no one knows what is going to happen, it might go far or not but I would like to keep on what you are doing, maybe she is a girl for you.” I said to him, “Bill, she is so gorgeous. She can be the model!” He said to me, “I know but How many times we went out and you tried to talk to any girl but they are nice in front of you but they are jerks in back of you. I know because it happened to me but I know it happened a lot to you. I want you to stop thinking about it and go with it. I am going to make our dinner.” I was thinking about what he said when He was cooking. I can’t worry about it anymore because I know it won’t happen with Kelly because she is my wish girl. We ate our dinner, then we got ready to go out. I am excited to go out because I can see all my friends and meet different people. When we got there, I saw Amy. We went over where she was. She hugged me and kissed me, she got a drink for me. Bill gave my drink to me and I drank it with his help, then it hit me. I was talking to myself, I got Kelly coming over to watch me eat, what about Amy? We are having sex or booty call; she doesn’t know how to feed me and she is my “girlfriend” and we don’t talk too much. So, I looked at my girlfriend and smiled at her and I didn’t say anything. I know that I should say something but I want to keep it the same for now because I am getting booty calls from her so why not. I know that it wasn’t loved and I want something more in my relationship. I put my happy face on and we danced, she stayed for a long time and I was looking around too. When we were dancing, a lot of people came up to me and they said hi to me. I did say hi back to them but my mind was on Kelly, I don’t know why because I am out with my friend Bill and I was dancing with my girlfriend. I don’t see her a lot and we are having fun too. I kept doing what I was doing, I was dancing and drinking all night long but a few times I thought about Kelly. A few hours pass by, and my girlfriend has to go. I wasn’t sad and I knew she had to go because of her kids. We said goodbye /each other. Bill and I stayed until the bar closed, that night they had an after-party. We stayed there and it was fun, when we were done with the party we went back to his place and went to bed. I slept in that morning, Bill thought that I was dead. He came into the room that I was sleeping in to make sure I was moving. I heard him so I turned my head to him and said Hi to him. He said to me, “I called your group home for you. I am glad you slept in. It is afternoon. I know that you are hungry.” I looked at him and I spelled “w o w” to him and I said Oh yes, I am hungry. We did hang out a little bit; I was back to a group home before dinner time. I was not crazy about it but I had to think about what I am doing this week. Today is Sunday and tomorrow is a big day because Kelly is coming for lunch and Friday night I am going back to Bill's place for the weekend. I was excited about that but I have to do something to help around the house because I stayed over at Bill's place for the night. I feel that sometimes the rules are so dumb because I wasn’t there but I have to do clean the house. I did it so they were happy when I was done with dinner and the clean house. I went to my bedroom and turned on my computer. I saw Kelly was on, we talked for hours and we missed each other. It feels good and I feel that she was into me, she can’t wait for tomorrow but I am scared because I don’t like to eat in front of new people and she is a gorgeous girl. I didn’t talk about it because I wanted to see her, that night we talked until 3 am. She is coming around 11 am, she has to go to work at 2 o’clock and her job is 5 minutes away from my group home.  That night I couldn’t go to sleep because I was so excited and scared about eating because I kept my mouth open, made noise when I ate and I am a messed up eater. I told myself it helps me go to sleep. That morning I heard everyone get ready to go to their programs. I stayed in bed until they left because it is easy for staff and I don’t want any problem from them because sometimes a roommate goes off. Every time I hear it and when it is bad, it happens about 30% of the time overnight. Chris was getting everyone up for the day for their program. One of my housemates was not happy about this and came barreling out of his bedroom and into the kitchen where the staff was. He began kicking the cupboards and screaming. I was sleeping, but I woke up because It isn’t a fire drill! So, I got in my chair and whipped into the kitchen, and got between him and the staff. I yelled at him to leave her alone. A housemate said, “I’m sorry Todd, I am upset.” I said, “I know you are but you have to listen to the staff.”  Then I leave the kitchen to go to the bathroom or I sit by the table to make sure a housemate is good. Anyway, that morning Kelly was coming over. I lay in my bed and I said to myself, “please everyone is good and no problem this morning.” I waited for the van to leave because I didn't want them to see me. When the van left, I came out of my bedroom and I went to the kitchen. I saw Cheryl still there, she said Good morning to me and I said it back to her. She gave me a glass of orange juice then she said to me, “a housemate stayed home today and the staff called off today but our manager is coming. She told me, ``Tell Todd don’t worry about the lunch date.” I looked at Cheryl and I said to her, it isn’t the date! It is a friend together or something.” She laughed and she said to me, “Oh Todd, you are talking to Kelly every night I am here and you are happy.” I said to her, “Kelly is a very special lady and she is very gorgeous. I am comfortable talking to her.” Then I told her that I would like to take a fast bath before Kelly came. Then the manager came in the door, she said, “I will help Todd out.” Cheryl said to her, “Todd is in his room to get clothes for his bath, she said to me, “Good morning Todd, are you excited?” I said to her, “Good morning, I can change lunch to a different day.” She said to me, “Todd, I want you to keep it today because you have been looking for it for a long time and I am here and don’t worry about another housemate because he is going food shopping.” She helped me get ready so I could take a bath, she got me everything that I needed. I felt special because I had a lot of managers over the years and they were jerks and not nice. She always gives us more freedom and has more events if she has to come to help out. Those people I love because that is people caring about other people, other managers said: “they said that they care.” I know they came in and took care of us then they left for the day. I know because I watched them and learned from them. Anyway, I took a fast bath, and the manager said to me, “wow, it is fast. Come with me, put a shirt and deodorant on plus do your hair.” I said OK to her, I was ready for Kelly to come. I came out of my bedroom to go to the kitchen, they made new lasagna for lunch. I said Thank you to them, they said you’re welcome to me. When I was waiting for Kelly to come, I was so scared, I don’t know why but I know that I had a butterfly in my stomach. Then I saw her car come down the driveway, I went outside and went to her car. I tried to open the door for her but I couldn’t, she came out /her car. She gave me hugs and kisses, and we went to the group home. She saw the table was ready for lunch, the staff said about between 15 to 20 the lasagna will be ready. So, we went to my bedroom, we were sitting on the floor next to each other. The staff came to knock on my door to see if we wanted my door closed, so I looked at Kelly. I said to her, “your call.” She looked at the staff and she said, “we are fine but Thank you.” I was thinking to myself, “She isn’t comfortable here, I have to think what is my next step for us to be together. I’m not thinking about sex but I would like to hold her or cuddle when she was talking to me. I was looking at her beautiful face, beautiful blue eyes, and long blonde hair she has. Then she ran her fingers through my hair and she said to me, “you need a haircut!” Then the staff came to the door and said lasagna was ready. She waited for me to get back in my power wheelchair, and we went to the table. I waited for Kelly to sit then I would drive my power wheelchair next to the table. Then the staff showed her how to feed me. The staff knew I was so scared. The staff looked at me and said to me in a quiet voice, “you are fine and relaxed.” After I ate a few pieces I was relaxing, we were talking and joking around. She took her dishes, and I said Thank you to the staff. Then Kelly said to me, “you are easy to feed and I know that you were scared but do you remember what I said to you the first time we met?” I said to her, “you know that I need help and you don’t care about that.” Then she said to me, “Plus, I think that you are an awesome guy and I am so very glad I met you that night. I know you have 100 things to say to me, we can talk on the computer tonight after work. Can we go outside before I have to go?” I said sure to her. We went outside for a little while; she was talking to me like a real person. I listened to her and we were holding hands, we were out there a long time. I was keeping my eyes on her every minute I could because I couldn’t stop looking at her. I cared about her too much, I asked myself, “does she know that? I am hoping she does.” Then she had to go, so we went over to her car. She gave hugs and kisses before she left. I watched her go then the van was coming back from food shopping, I made sure that I was out of their way but I was still watching Kelly leave. When I couldn't see her car anymore, I went back inside the group home.
When I got in from outside, the staff said to me, “wow, she is beautiful and caring.” I said to the staff, “Thank you for helping me with the lunch event.” The staff said to me, “It isn’t a lunch event! It was a lunch date because I saw you and her hugs, kisses, and holding hands. Come on Todd! She is into you; I don’t know how you did it but You did it.” I said to the staff, “maybe sometimes a person has to be themselves. I am with Kelly and I am honest with her. I am telling what I am thinking, she likes that.” Then the staff said to me, “are you being honest with her? Does she know about Amy and the booty call?” I said to the staff, “She doesn’t know that. I am waiting for something because I want to make sure I get something with Kelly, I know that I need to tell her that.” the staff said to me, “do not tell her that because you won’t see her again!” I said to the staff, “I know, I know what to do?” the staff said to me, “Do you have a plan?” I said to the staff, “Well, kind of.” The staff said to me, “what is it?” I said to the staff, “Well, I am trying to break up with Amy slowly. I can and have fewer booty calls because I am into Kelly too much. I know that I have to be very careful with my housemates because they can say something and make a big mess for me.” the staff said to me, “You are right with that!” I said to the staff, “I’m not the player, I don’t want to cheat on no one! Amy is a big question because we don’t talk every day or night, she called me only for a booty call. Now Kelly is a different story because I know that I won’t get a home run and I’m not thinking about that because I would like to have a very good relationship and I have it with Kelly not with Amy.” The staff said to me, “wow, Todd! I have no idea what you were thinking about that.” I said to the staff, “you don’t have any idea what I am thinking, and do you think that I want to be alone all my life and live in a group home. I don’t because it isn’t me.” Then the manager and a housemate walked in with a lot of bags with food in it, and the manager asked us about the event. Both of us said to the manager, “it went well.” I said to the manager, “Thank you.” Then I heard my phone going off, I looked at the staff and I said, “it is Kelly!” I went to my bedroom; I got my phone. It was Kelly and Bill! I opened Kelly’s messages first, it said, “Thank you, thank you for a nice lunch and walked outside. I miss you already! XOXO.” I texted her back and I said to her, “Thank you for coming, I had a nice time with you XOXOXO. @-)---.” Then I went to Bill’s message, he said, “how was lunch date?” I said to him, “it went great, I think. After lunch we went outside to walk around before she had to go to work.” He wrote back and said to me, “awesome!” Then I had an idea and It might be a little crazy but I need to try something so, text Bill again. I asked him, “on Friday I am coming to your place after dinner, right?” he said yes to me. Then I asked him this, “We don’t go out after 11 pm, is it ok if Kelly stops by after her work? I would like her to see me outside the group home.” He said to me, “sure! You don’t have to explain it because I understand.” I said to him, “Thank you. I will ask her tonight when we are talking on the computer tonight and Thank you.'' Now how do I ask her to come over to Bill’s place? I went back to the kitchen, I looked around and I asked the staff what is for dinner and can we start it? So, I was thinking if I could help make dinner. I can keep myself busy because I can think about what to say to Kelly about Friday. So, I am ready there anyway; I was sitting there and watching them cook. I was not excited about that for me but I was there to help them out, I guess. When I was sitting and watching them cook, and they didn't know how to cook but I was talking to myself. I said to myself, “I need a plan for tonight when I am talking to Kelly. I know that she is passing Bill’s place because she saw me at the grocery store one time and he is living by it. Maybe she will hang out with us for a little bit. I am hoping so because after today I know that I would like to know about myself and it would be the best way to do it than my best friend Bill. Maybe I should ask her tonight or tomorrow night because I don’t want to be too forward with her.” I am still watching them cook, I looked at it and I said to myself, “I need to help them because it smelled bad and I won’t eat it so, I told them to add stuff in it. That night they liked the dinner and tasted a lot better and they were happy but my mind was different elsewhere, yes it was Kelly but I was thinking what if she was the right girl for me and we want to live together and make our family. Then I said to myself, “I need to stop thinking about that because no one wants to live with me because I am too needy and no one wants that.” After dinner I went to my bedroom and closed my door, I went to my computer. I saw my dad was online so we talked for a little while. I didn’t tell him about Kelly yet because I don’t want to get my hopes up but my feelings about her that I know. Then Jennifer stopped typing and turned her head around to look at me. She said to me, “I know it is hard for you to tell me about this but I wish that I knew you back then.”  I said to her, “awww, me two. I would like to tell you everything that happened about this because I feel that something is very important in our lives and yes, it is confidential but I would like the people to know about my romantic or my feeling for girls, that I have a real feeling for a girl and yes it is going to be hard or too romantic to tell you. It might shock you might not but if we keep writing about my stories. I would like to tell you about everything, is it ok? It might be too much for people to read it.” She said to me, “it is fine Todd, honest, so far your stories are amazing. Now we are going into your relationship or personal things. I feel that people need to know who is Todd and yes you have cerebral palsy but you have a lot more say and so what it is so romantic for people but ready I am looking forward to listening to your romantic stories because I feel that your romantic is it special because you are and I feel that people have no idea person in a wheelchair or out of the wheelchair but everyone romantic is different. Plus, the booty call is not romantic. I started to tell her that I was waiting for Kelly to come online so we could talk, it was a few hours still before she was to be on. So, I went out of my bedroom and they were in the living room. They were watching TV, I wasn’t crazy about what they were watching but I stayed out there because they wanted me to be more involved with roommates. I am more involved with them when I feel like it. Remember I didn’t ask to live in the group home. I am here because no one else has a good program for disabled people, so I have lived in New York state. Every day I think about what if I was rich and I could live anywhere I want to live plus I can hire some people to help me in the daytime. Now I am sucking in the group home and I feel that I have nothing because I would like to have more out of my life, yes I have friends willing to help me on weekend plus, I got the gorgeous girl I care about and another girl is like my girlfriend but I feel that it is an only booty call. Always, I feel that something is missing because my heart is telling me that there is something for me. I need to find it but I feel that I found it, is it Kelly? I looked at the clock, it was almost time to go on the computer and talk to Kelly. I went to the bathroom then I went to my bedroom and waited for her, it wasn't long she was on the computer. We were talking for hours then I asked her something, “you know that I am going to Bill’s place this weekend.” She said to me, “yep, I know. I am going to be SAD.” Did I say why to her? She said to me, “I can’t talk to you as much.” I said to her, “what are you doing after work on Friday night?” she said to me, “going home and thinking about you.” I said to her, “awww, how do you feel about this, I would like you to stop at Bill’s place to see me for a little while so you can visit me and he is ok with it.” She said to me, “I don’t know.” I said to her, “you know Bill, and I know that you would like to see me again.” She said to me, “truth I know him and yes I would like to see you again. Ok, I will come!”  I was happy and excited, I said to her, “AWESOME! Now, I still can't wait until Friday because I can see you and I am going away from this group home.” She said to me, “Oh, you don’t like it there.” I said to her, “No way, I am here because my parents want me to be safe if something happens to them and they move to Florida.” She said to me, “I see now because I was wondering why you are here. I think that you are a smart guy and handsome.” I said to her, “awww, Thank you.  You are gorgeous!” That night I felt that we broke the icebreaker because after that every night I would call her princess then she would say to me, “Hi, my prince.” Then Jennifer saved what we wrote, she put the laptop on the couch, and she looked at me then she said to me, “Todd.” I said to her, “yes?” She said to me, “I feel that we should go to exciting events, changes, excitement happened or something bad to you because at this point in the book, they know that You don’t like the group home and workshop plus they would like you to involve your roommates and you have two girls. We haven’t gone each day because something is going to happen. I would like you to try to tell me what happened next.” I said to her, “Ok.” She got the laptop, she put it back on her leg, I have been talking to Kelly every night. It was great when Friday night came, she was excited to come to hang out with Bill and me. I was there by 8 o’clock, she said around 10:15 pm stop by. My mouth was very dry that night and I kept watching and clock, Bill and I were talking about stuff and her too. Then we heard the knock in front of the door, he went to the door and opened it. It was his son so he had to get something. When they were busy with that, I checked my text messages, I got a message and said, “on my way.” I put on a happy face then sent it. Now I was freaked out because I like her a lot. I said to myself, “I have to relax and go with it. Plus, I have my best friend here with me, he can help me.” His son left; we were watching TV. Then we heard a knock at the door, I knew it was a princess. He opened the door, I was right. It was Kelly, she said hi to Bill. I was in the living room on the floor, and then she saw me. She ran over and said hi to my prince! Then she went on her knees, she gave me a long hug and a lot of kisses. Then I moved up to her nose then I put my nose next to her. I went back and forth on her nose, then she went to my ear. She said to me, “aww, you are so sweetheart. That is Eskimo kiss, is it how you kiss?” I looked at her and I said yeah. She went beside my face then kissed me, and then she went off her knees. She was going to the couch to sit down; I went by the couch to be next to her. Bill was talking, I kept watching Kelly but I don’t know but my hand. I put my hand on the couch next to her so I can brush up next to her because I am still on the floor. Then she said to me, “go ahead, put your hand on my leg.” So, I did that but I did. I kept my hand on her leg until I had to take off when I needed to say something when I was done saying something. Whenever I put my hand back on her leg, she smiled at me. She stayed for a long time. At this point, I don’t care because I was sitting by a girl that I am crazy about and I would like to put my fingers through her hair but I couldn’t because I don’t want to hit her so I kept a hand on her leg. I was thinking that I should Eskimo kiss her again. Bill went to the bathroom; I went up to my knee and she put her head down so I can Eskimo kiss her. I was very shocked by it, and then she told me that she had gone. I put a sad face on. She said to me, “stop that! Don’t worry I will see you very soon, I promised.” When Bill went to the bathroom, she said to him, “Thank you for having me over but I have to go because I have to work tomorrow morning.” She gave me a hug, a kiss, and our Eskimo kiss. Bill walked her out, when we were outside it felt like hours to me. When Bill came back to his apartment, he said to me, “Oh Todd! She is into you!” I said to him, “Oh please.” Then he said to me, “I am to be honest with you! She wants you! I don’t know what you are doing but I want you to keep doing what you are doing!” I said to him, “ok, I will.” That night, we stayed in because I didn’t feel like going out plus I had Kelly stop by, I was happy, and after Kelly left. We started drinking and watching TV. I fell asleep because I was relaxed.  The next morning I was up before Bill; I went to my phone and I had a lot of text messages from Kelly. It said, “Good morning prince, I miss you, I am glad I stopped by last night, I like when your Eskimo kisses me and you need a haircut!” I showed Bill all the messages I got from Kelly, he said to me, “wow, and is she your girlfriend?” I said to him, “Bill! You know that she isn’t my girlfriend but I wish she was because we are right for each other.” He said to me, “last night was very special about her and you. I said it before, I think you and Kelly are a good couple.” I said to him, “maybe you are right. The truth is I like her a lot and all I am thinking about is her.” He said to me, “I think that you are ready for a little event with her.” I said to him, “BILL! I’m not asking her to have sex with me. You don’t take it the wrong way; I would like to have sex with her someday but I know that it won’t happen because I would like a person who is special and both of us want it.” I texted her back, I said to her, “Good morning hot princess. I miss you too. I was happy to see you last night and I was glad you liked my Eskimo kiss. I am hoping to get my haircut soon.” She sent a text message very quickly, it said, “where do you go to get your haircut?”
I said to her, “in West Seneca, I know a person and she does a haircut and puts some highlights on me.” She said to me, “cool, when are you going?” I said to her, “I am hoping soon and I am waiting for the person at the group home to take me.” then she said to me, “when?” I said to her, “I don’t know yet.” She said to me, “I am hoping that it is soon.” I wrote back to her. Then Bill said to me, “I bet she will take you!” then I said to him, “I would like her to take me but I don’t want to ask her. I am hoping that she will offer.” He said to me, “Todd! This time you are doing the right things and she is caring about you because she is texting you already! I think that you are going to be shocked if you ask.” When he was talking to me, I was thinking to myself, “it would be nice if she took me, I don’t know that she wants to take me.” then I said to him, “I will ask her in my way. Not now.” We did hang out at his place and I thought about Kelly if I ask her to take me to get my haircut. Is it a date or a good friend to help me out? But every time we see each other we are kissing, holding hands, and Eskimo kisses. I think that we are more friends here.” Then I looked at Bill and smiled at him, he asked me, “what are you thinking about? Kelly?” I said YES to him. Then he saw me get my phone. It took me a long time to write to Kelly because I didn’t have a computer with me but I did text Kelly, “I was thinking about this and you can say no but do you want to take me to get my haircut?” I sent it, then 5 minutes went by then 10 more minutes went by, another 20 minutes went by, it was hours passed by I was checking my phone and I thought my phone isn’t working so I texted my girlfriend, I said to her, “Hi, honey I didn’t hear from you while. Are you ok?” she answered me quickly, and said, “Hi, Todd. I’m sorry I am very busy. I miss you.” I said to her, “I miss you too.” Then I am thinking that I made the mistake of asking Kelly to take me to get a haircut. I said to myself, “Oh shoop.” Then Jennifer turned her head around to look at me and she said to me, “Todd!” I said what to her. she said to me, “I know you. You didn’t say that! How many times have you said ``oh shit!” I said to her, “about 50 and said fork too.” She said to me, “why?” I said to her, “I was scared because I like her a lot and I don’t want to make mistakes or say wrong things to her.” Then she turned her head back to the laptop. I was told that I was waiting for her text all day. Bill and I were watching a few movies and taking naps, after dinner, I heard my phone going off. I did check it and it was Kelly, I was so scared to look at it. He said to me, “Is that Kelly?” I said to him, “yes.” He asked me, “what did she say?” I said to him, “I haven't opened it yet.” Then he said to me, “Todd! I know what you are going through but sometimes we have to try new things or give them a chance. By last night she was into you and I have a good feeling. So, please open her message.” I said to him, “I will but can I have a drink of rum and coke please.” He said sure to me, he got it for me and he was feeding it to me. When I was drinking it, he said to me, “I want you to think about this. You asked and she is still sending you messages. Remember She has to go to work today.” When I was done with my drink, I got my phone and I opened it up. It said “I’m very sorry, I was extra busy at work today because I am the only person here right now, but I answer your question because you sent it hours I’m sorry. I would like to take you to get your haircut. I have to go. Talk to you later.” Then I looked at Bill, I said to him, ''can I have another drink?” he said sure to me when he was getting my drink. I told him that she said yes to taking me! He said to me, “That is awesome!” I texted her back and I said to her, “It is ok, I understand. We will talk tomorrow night. I miss you.” She said to me, ``Miss you too, I can’t wait until tomorrow night. I am free on Wednesday.”  Then I gave my phone to Bill, he saw what she sent me. He saw someone, “Look like someone has a date!” I said to him, “stop that! It isn’t a date!``Then Jennifer turned her head and looked at me again. I said to her, “what? Please don’t look at me that way because I don’t want to get my hopes up.” She said to me, “Oh Todd!” I said to her, “what?” she said to me, “why do you think it wasn’t a date?” I said to her, “It is hard to expand because always they want to be my friend and no more. I am lucky kind of to have a booty call but this time I was playing safe because I was trying to get hurt myself and I was tired of girls turning me down.” she said to me, “wow, I had no idea what you are going through. I’m sorry.” I said to her, “no apologies. We have to change so life and sometimes, it might be good things talking bad things. Stop talking about that because I would like to tell you what happened next.” She said to me, “Ok.” Bill and I went out after Kelly texted me; I danced with friends I knew. Then I saw my girlfriend Amy, I said to myself, “Oh fork! Please not now!” I smiled at her and she came over where I was. She sat on my lap; gave me a hug and kisses. Then Bill saw what she was doing and he knew I was not happy, so he came over and he helped me to get her off of me. Then she asked us, “why didn't you text me that you were going out. Then Bill said to her, “It is my fault because it was last minute.” Then I was thinking to myself, “She is out. She said that she was busy. How many guys is she with?” I looked at her and smiled. Then I told myself, “if I have any chance with Kelly, I am done with her and booty call.” Then I looked at Bill, I said to him, “I need to go to the bathroom.” He said ok to me when we were going to the bathroom. He said, “we need to go to a new place because here everyone knows us.” I said, “agree!” When we were done using the bathroom, I went back to where my girlfriend was. This time I felt that she didn't want me there; I stayed around them for 10 minutes and watched her. She was having fun with her friends, so I looked around at her then I started pushing my wheelchair backward with my feet. The bouncer came up behind me and said to me, “where do you want to go?” I said to him, “Hi, what’s up? I was trying to go in front of the band.” He said to me, “I am good. I miss you last night.” Then the girl walked by us, she put her shirt up in front of us then she ran off. He said to me, “wow! Did you see that?” I said to him, “yep, I did.” His girlfriend was calling him over because she had a drink for me. He got it for me and he was helping me drink it then I was wearing it because someone hit his arm. He felt bad. I'm not mad at him. I was lucky because it was dark so no one knew I was wet. He went over to his girlfriend and he got another drink for me, then we saw the same girl put her shirt up. This time she came over in front of me; she was kneeling over to me. She said to me, “Are you ready for this?” I said to her, “yea?” she put her body in front of my face, she looked around. She took her shirt up then put her booby in my face. Her shirt was over my head, I was laughing and I wanted to know what she wanted me to do here. So, I tried Eskimo kiss her booby. Well, she loves that. I did that for a few minutes, then she jumped off and she kissed me then she left. I looked at the bouncer and I said to him, “what happened here.” Then Bill found me. I thought he was mad but he isn’t. The bouncer tells Bill what happened. He said to the bouncer, “really?” Then the bouncer said to Bill, “He isn’t doing anything. She came over to him and She wants him to motorboat her. I think it was amazing.”  Bill said to him, “He is a very lucky person. I wish that everyone knows who Todd is and I don’t mean party, Todd.” The bouncer said to Bill, “I know, I know! When I am here, I will help him out with whatever he needs.” Then Amy walked over and she said to me, then the bouncer said to her, “I’m sorry, I saw Todd and I owe drinks so I took him.” She asked them, “Why is Todd’s shirt wet?” I said to her, “someone hit his arm by mistake.” Then she went off, I said to her, “you need to stop and relax. It is fine!” Bill and the bouncer were looking at each other, then she said to me, “I have to go home.” She did kiss me; she said to me, “I will text you this week.” I said to her, “Ok, honey.” She went to find her friends; I want to say about 20 minutes Bill and I were going around the place. I saw Amy still here and drinking. I told Bill, take me to the dance floor. He took me to the dance floor; I guess Amy saw me because she was next to me. She was drunk and falling over everywhere, I looked at her and I said nothing to her. Then I saw the bouncer coming, I said to her, “you need to sit on my legs, NOW!” she said to me, “I am a little drunk.” I smiled, she jumped in my lap, and then she said to my ear, “I’m sorry Todd, I’m not a good girlfriend to you.” I looked at her then I said to her, “You are a good girlfriend to me, honey.” She said to me, “Oh Todd.” Then Bill looked at me and said nothing. The bouncers came over because they were telling them that their taxi is here for them. She hugged me and kissed me again and Bill and I were ready to go before I saw Amy. So, we went with them outside, and we said goodbye. Bill and I went to his place. When I got to his place, I did cash out until afternoon again. I got up before Bill and I checked my phone. I had a lot of messages from Kelly, it said, “miss you, I am lonely, I wish that I was there with you and XOXOXO.” I said to myself, “I need to find a new place to hang out, maybe with Kelly.” Bill saw that I was awake and asked me, “What are you doing with Amy and Kelly because you can’t keep both?” I said to him, “I know, I know Bill. I am hoping that I know soon because I would like to have Kelly. After all, I feel that we have something special between us, and when I am talking to her or around her, I still have butterflies in my stomach. Then Bill said to me, “That is your feeling about Kelly. Did you have that feeling before anyone else?” I said to him, “I had it when I was 9, the girl on the school bus and the girl in the Stay Late Program but they were a lot of years back. When I am with Amy, I feel nothing but I am with Kelly. I feel that I am in love with her, I know that it is crazy but I feel something.” He said to me, “You know what you want and I want you to go with it.” So, that night he drove me back to the group home. I had dinner there and I have to help around the house. I was counting minutes so I could talk to Kelly. I had a few hours left but I felt that I could do better than this because I knew that I can live by myself but I need a staff to help me. I asked myself, “Why can't I?” I started to get depressed then I said to myself, “I am Todd and I will find an away fork to get out of the group home!” I went to my bedroom and closed my door, I went to my computer and I saw Kelly was on so we talked for hours and we agreed that coming Wednesday she will get me from the group home to go get my haircut. 
So, today is Wednesday and I came back from the workshop. I was waiting for Kelly to come to take me to get my haircut when I was waiting for her. I said to myself, “Wow, a few weeks ago I was showing Kelly how to feed me then now she is coming to get me. I saw her and I was in the wheelchair because she has a car and my power wheelchair can’t fit in the car. I was watching her walk to the house; I said to myself, “Oh boy, she is beautiful.” She knocked at the door; a staff member let her in. she saw me then she said hi Todd. She went in behind me so she could push me, then she said to a staff member, “what time can he stay out until?” the staff said to her, “The only thing he has to do is, call in every 8 hours.” She said ok to the staff, then she pushed the wheelchair then she said to me, “look up at me.” So, I did that, and then she kissed me. I jumped in her car when she was putting my wheelchair in her trunk. I kneel over so I can open the car door for her, she was done with my wheelchair. She saw her door opening and she said to me, “Thank you.  Todd.” She did an Eskimo kiss and I was holding her hand. She said to me, “Are you ready to go, my handsome.” I said yep to her. So, I showed her where to go. We were early so we went in there and waited. Kelly knew my friend did my hair and they were talking about things. She did put some highlights on and cut my hair, it took about an hour. When I was done with that then we went in her car, she said to me, “Do you want to see my place?” I said sure to her, when she was driving, I was asking myself, “do not get my hopes up and I need to be patient.” Then she asked me, “What are you thinking about?” I said to her, “Oh I was thinking about you.” She said to me, “me?” I know that I can’t tell her that I was thinking about birds and bees, so I said to her, “yes, you!” She said to me, “I am hoping that you are thinking about good things over there Mr.” I laughed and I said to her, “yes, I am. I was thinking about us and how we got here and I am going to see your place.” She said to me, “Oh Todd, you are a sweetheart. We are here.” It is the apartment and she is living on the top floor. That is fine because my friend Bill lives on the second floor of the apartment so It isn’t any problem because I crawled upstairs. So, I did crawl upstairs then I crawled over to her door. When she opened the door, I saw the kitchen. It had a table when we walked in, then she took it to the living room. It was large, then on my right side I saw two doors, it was two bedrooms. The living room has a T.V. and three couches around T.V. with few plants. I liked it then she took me back to the kitchen. She was going to a different door and it was the bathroom. I looked at it then I saw another door, she opened her bedroom. Her bed was high. She said to me, “I know that my bed is high for you. I will help you to get on it.” So, I tried to get on and bed, it took me a few tries but I did it. I was looking around at her. She has her computer next to her bed, her clothes were everywhere. She had a makeup area next to her computer, on the walls. It has a lot of butterfly things up on the wall and a lot of storage for her clothes. Then she jumped on the bed with me and we were talking about things. She is telling me that she is going to Alaska for 10 days after Mother’s Day. Then I told her that I am going to Florida to see my parents for 22 days before Mother’s Day. We laughed about that and we looked at the calendar. I am leaving first, then we have 10 days together then She is going on her trip. Then she asked me, “Do you think about moving out of New York State? Because I don’t want to live here anymore.” I said to her, “I want to but it is hard for me because of Medicaid.” All she said was Oh to me. Then I felt like she was thinking about us in the future, then I left it alone. I said to myself, “I would like to have a future with her. I am hoping that I didn’t make a mistake to say that I can’t.” then she asked me to lie down next to her and I did. We lay there for hours and talked. I didn’t try to do anything because it was the first time I am at her place; we did cuddle and kisses that night. Weeks went past by and She is getting me every Wednesday night but my favorite night was, she got me from the group home. We went to her place; she wanted to make lasagna for our dinner tonight. I had no problem with that because we would be together for hours. We had fun making it and there were a few mistakes. When I am playing around with people I like, I say asshole “in the joking ways” in the quiet voice. It is the only word I can say and people understand it. She turned her head around and she said to me, “what did you say?” I said to her, “nothing.” Then she said to me, “Did you say asshole? I know you were joking but can I hear it again because I like how you said it.” I did it again and she laughed. Then she asked me, “Can you say my name?” I looked away from her and I said to her, “Kee llyyyy.” She said to me, “awe Todd! I feel special from you.” When the lasagna was cooking, we went to her bedroom and talk. I tried to make move on her but she was hard to get. I stop what I am doing because I don’t want to make her uncomfortable but she made a funny face when I stop. So, I was not sure what she wants me to do. Then she jumped off the bed and she said to me, “lasagna is ready.” Then she went to my ear, she said to me, “You are doing fine and I like when you are holding me and your moves.” I smiled at her and I crawled out to the kitchen and sit on the chair at the dinner table. I waited for her to bring our places of lasagna. When she brought our places, she brought one fork. She was feeding a few bits then she took a bit of the same fork I was using; I was shocked and I thought it was a mistake. Well, she kept feeding me and she was eating off the same fork. I feel special by it because the relationship does it. When we were done with our dinner, she wanted to brush our teeth. Then Jennifer turned and looked at me and told me, “She didn’t? Did she.” I said to her, “yep, we did.” We used the same toothbrush. Every time I came over to her place, I used her toothbrush. I went to her place for weeks. She is getting me to take over to her place and I met her parents. They were the nicest people in the world. I did hang out at their house a few times but we didn’t go to their place. We were going to her place a lot; I like it because I feel that she wants me there. I would have dinner at her place then in a few hours she would take me back to my group home and still we are talking over the computer. I think we were taking baby steps because each time we were together we always tried something new. We were done having our dinner then She wanted to go to the park, I said sure. So, we went to the park, she got me out of her car when she got her rollerblades out of her car and she put on her feet. I was thinking that I will stay next to her car when she is rollerblading around the park when she is done putting on rollerblades. Then she said to me, “Are you ready to go rollerblading with me?” I said to her, “how?” Then she went in the back of my wheelchair pushing me when she was on a rollerblade. It was fun but my wheelchair gave out and I fell out. First, she was scared because she thought that she did hurt me then I started laughing and she too, people stopped to see if we were ok or if we wanted any help. We said no Thank you but we lay there for a few minutes and we were holding each other; I felt that we were starting to get closer because after that I was going to her place every time, she had free time. She will get me from my group house to her place then we have our dinner. We went to her bedroom to sit on her bed, then she had a question. I said to her, “go ahead.” Then she asked me, “Do you remember me?” When I heard that question, I was saying to myself, “what? I don’t have an idea, and I don’t know what to say?” So, I looked at her funny, then she said this to me, “Do you remember the dateline? I did message you but you didn’t answer me back. Why didn't you answer me?” I said to her, “I tried but I had to pay to do it and I don’t have the money to do it and I feel that sometimes girls lie on datelines.” She said to me, “You are right on that.” Then she fell backward on her back, I was sitting on her bed so, and I can still talk to her. Then she said to me, “I’m sorry, Todd, I can't do this.” I said to her, “what you can’t do?” she said to me, “this!” Did I say to her? “Why?” She said to me, “because of my job, I am helping people, and if I am with someone with a disability. I might get in trouble or fire.” I was fired up now, I said to her, “Ok, can I ask a few questions.” She said to me, “sure honey.” I was thinking to myself; “I need to be relaxed and try to remember how I talk to the person at the Stay Late Program.” I said to her, “so, you are on the clock right now?” She said no to me. I said to her, “I guess that they have of control your friends or your relationship, do they?”’ she said nope to me. Then I asked her, “I know that you are scared and me two. We have been talking every night and I am coming over more. Why can't we take the next step?” Then she said to me, “You are right.” I said to her, “and I’m not doing anything if you say ok to me.” She said to me, “you know that you wouldn’t and I like that about me because you are a caring guy. I would like you to lay next to me.” I went over and lay down next to her, I was thinking to myself, “please relax here, maybe she wants to cuddle.” When we were lying on her bed, I was so scared. I was laying on my right side; she was lying on her back. She said to me, “go ahead.” I was freaked out but I took my left hand on her stomach on top of her shirt. I went back and forward on her shirt then slowly I moved my hand under her shirt. I am still going back and forward on her naked stomach. It felt amazing, so I moved my hand up a little each time. She said to me, “if you can unhook my bra, you can have me.” I moved up to her chest area, I tried unhooking her bra and I shouldn’t. I tried for 40 minutes, so; I have an idea. I went under her bra, my hand was over her boob, she said to me, “you are a cheater.” “In a joking way.” So, she got off her back, she was kneeling on the bed, I watched her undress herself. I was in shock, I said myself, and “We are having sex!” When she was naked, I couldn't take my eyes off of her because I never see the beautiful body she has. She was helping me undress; she said to me, “I guess that you are ready for me.” So, we did enjoy each other. All I am saying here, I might get excited too fast. I knew she was a little disappointed because she said to me, “Are you done already?” I said to her, “yeah.” She has a sad face on, I felt like I did let her down but we were lying there a few hours and cuddling our naked bodies. When we were done cuddling, she took me back to my group home. We went to my bedroom, she kissed me, Eskimo kissed me and hugged me. I went out with her to go to the car. She said to me, “computer tonight, and see you Wednesday night.” I said to her, ``Yep, computer tonight and see you Wednesday night.” I watched her go and it was after 11 pm so Cheryl was there. I went back to the house; she said to me, “Did you have fun tonight?” I was still in shock because of what happened. I am thinking to myself, “I need to apologize to Kelly because I was done in 3 minutes because I was disappointed in myself. I said to Cheryl, “I had fun and it was the best night.” I went to my bedroom and turned my computer on. I saw that Amy sent me a message but I didn’t open it. I waited for Kelly when I was waiting for her to come on. I was thinking about when we were naked in the bed and laying there. I heard a bell going off on the computer. It was Kelly, we talked a little while then I started apologizing. I said to her, “I’m sorry for less than 3 minutes, I’m not good in bed, I’m sorry for you were disappointed.” She said to me “Oh honey, I’m not disappointed at all, I don’t care about bed because you are fine and I guess you were ready for me for a while.” I said to her, “yeah kind of but It isn’t about sex. We wanted to make sure we wanted this.” She told me, “Oh Todd, you are an amazing person. I can’t wait to see you Wednesday night.” So, we talked more and every night until Wednesday night, on Wednesday I was coming from the workshop. I was in my bedroom then I heard hi honey. I turned around and there was Kelly. She asked me, “Are you ready to go?” She went down on her knees, she went to my ear and she said, “I am so horny.” I looked at her and I said to her, “I am ready to go.” When we were in her place, we were doing it and this time it was amazing and that night I slept over at her place for the night. We were cuddled, imitating each other all night long. It was great but I have a little problem when I am next to someone. My body gets scared then I am moving a lot, I can’t stop moving. I don’t want to move around and it was a different place than I was but I wish that I could not move around and cuddle all night long. So, I lie there and don’t fall asleep. I loved when she held me. When I was laying there and she was laying on top of me, I was thinking about how to break up with Amy. I am happier and this is what I want; it was Thursday morning. She has to leave by 6:30 am; I saw it was 5 am. She started moving around then we went again before we had to leave. We got back to the group home by 6:45 am so she can be at work by 7 am. We did say goodbye and kisses. I went to a workshop to think about what I am going to say to Amy. I know that I am done with her, I don’t want to break her heart. So, that night I was talking to Amy and I said to her, “I know that you are busy and I know that it is hard to see each other. I think that it is best to go different ways. I'm sorry.” She said to me, “Please don’t do it to me! I will come over now.” I said to her, “No, I feel that it is better you don’t please and I’m sorry.” Then Kelly came on the computer and we talked for hours then she asked me, “what are you doing this weekend?” I said to her, “I have nothing planned.” Then she asked me if I wanted to stay over at my place for the weekend? I said to her, “I like to!” I was excited and I told the staff that I am going to Kelly's place this weekend. Now I shouldn't wait until tomorrow. This was the first weekend I stayed over at Kelly’s place; it was amazing because we stayed in bed. A few times we did go out, we saw her parents for a little while. Then she wanted to go to her bar, so I said to her, “sure.” So, we went there, and we had a few drinks. Then she started opening up more, she was telling me about her last relationship and he was bad to her. I said to her, “I don’t.” she said to me, “I know that you don’t.” Then the guy walked next to her and he asked her, “Do you want a drink?” She said no to him, then still he wanted to talk to her. Then she said to him, “excuse me but I am with him.” He said to her, “him? Please.” Then she got up from her chair and asked him to leave. The bouncer came over and he asked them, “Is there any problem here?” They said no to the bouncer. He left and she came back to sit next to me, I told her that if I was able to talk. I would say, “I know that I am a disabled person and she is a gorgeous lady but we found each other.” She said to me, “You are right on that.” Then she kissed my ear and she said to me, “Let’s go home because I want you.” So, we left there and went to her place and we took our clothes off, we went to bed and we did it for hours.
Before Kelly and I had met I had my trip to Florida to visit my parents set already. She had her trip to Alaska set as well. We happened to be going right around the same time. I would leave first to Florida for 10 days and then get back home. Once I got home I knew she was going to be leaving for Alaska. I had been upset because I was planning on asking her to come with me, but I knew she didn’t get all that time off of work. I know this may sound selfish but I wish she could have forgotten about her trip and had come with me. I wanted her to come with me because my feelings for her had grown a lot. All I wanted to do was spend time with her. So I took the risk of asking her to come with me, knowing it wasn’t going to be a yes. But I had to try, thinking maybe just maybe I might get lucky and she would change her mind. So we have been spending as much time as we can together.  Wednesdays and the weekends worked the best because that’s when she would have off of work. It was the last weekend before I was leaving for Florida on Wednesday. It was early Saturday morning; I woke up and wanted to leave to go to see Kelly. I couldn’t go on Friday night because the group home has a rule; I have to stay inside the group home for 22 days out of the month. I was waiting for Kelly to come to get me at 7 am because she had to work the night shift again. I was ready to go because I knew she was going to be tired from work. I brought a bag with me plus the present I got for her before I leave on Tuesday for Florida. I asked my doctor first before I got it because I wanted to make Kelly happy. He said to me “sure and eat something with It.” So I ordered it offline so it could be here last weekend before I leave for Florida. I wanted to make her weekend the best before I left. I was over her place and we were sitting on her bed. I handed her the gift. She said, “What is this?” I said to her, “Well, it is something for us and it will help me a lot and I want to make your weekend special before I go to Florida.” I gave it to her and she said Oh my God Todd. She smiled at me and said you bought Viagra?? '' She said to me, “Oh Todd.” I smiled at her, she said to me, “You are too much for me, you know how to make me feel special.” She put the Viagra down next to her bed and she looked at me then she said to me, "you don’t need it but we will use it later! I know where you are coming from." She gave me a hug. Then she got off her bed and went to get a book. She came back next to me and showed me the book. I was very shocked by what she had, but I didn’t say anything because she was excited to show me it. She had a few pages marked. She said to me, “I don’t want you to be mad at me and I think that you are awesome but we need different moves because it is boring doing the same thing.  So I got the book for us! I am thinking of using this book when we are back from our vacations and I want you to know that I’m not going anywhere.” It was a book on 250 moves on how to have sex. I put my hand over it then I gave her a kiss, the book fell on the floor. We laid back on the bed, we played around for a little bit, we took our clothes off. We had an intimate time together; we were so distracted by each other we didn’t leave her bedroom. We left a few times, only to use the restroom and grab a snack. She would bring the food back in the room for me to make it easy on myself. It was too much of a hassle for me to get dressed and undressed every time. Then we went to sleep. When I got up from my nap, I let her sleep because she worked 16 hours plus she got me out of the group home and we talked before we went to sleep. I tried not to move, but it is very hard for me to move in a calm way. So, my thought is to get out of the bed so she can sleep more comfortably. Well, she knows when I am trying to get off of the bed. She always says that to me. “Where are you going?” I said to her, “I am going on the floor.” Then she said, “Please Todd, I need you next to me!”  I said to her, “I can’t help, I am moving a lot and I want you to be comfortable.” She said to me “I could have picked you up this afternoon but I didn’t because I wanted you next to me. Please come back to bed with me plus I am naked for you.” So, I jumped back into bed with her. We cuddled for a long time and started to get intimate again. This time it was extra crazy. I felt like she didn't want me to leave. I was sad and stressed because I was afraid to go because I didn’t want to lose what I had with her. So, I held her, she put her arm around me and we looked at each other and said nothing because we wanted our weekend to be special. It was special because I had a special person next to me. I loved our sex because she made it special for us, I know that I’m not good at having sex but She didn’t care because it didn’t mean the same thing to her. What does sex mean to me? It is a form of art because I feel like 2 people that care about each other, a real connection means a lot to me. Like a person is giving their soul to one another. That means a lot to me, especially because I am a disabled person and she gave her soul to me, no one gave me his or her soul before. I had sex with my girlfriends before but I didn’t feel anything special with them. I had a different feeling with them because it didn’t feel as meaningful to me.  I wanted to find someone who is special to me and I found her and I am holding her before I leave for Florida. 
We were lying in her bed; we were so sweaty from being intimate. We were laying on our sides, we were looking at each other then she rolled over so she could lay on top of me. When she was on top of me. I put my arms around her, then I held her so we could cuddle and we did that for a long time, then she said to me, “We haven't used Viagra yet.” I smiled at her and I didn’t want to let her go because the feeling of our bodies on top of one another was so nice and I was thinking about how she was on top of me. I kept looking at her in her eyes because she has beautiful blue eyes. We were sweaty, I loved it because she was the only girl that would lie on top of me and talk to me. She is a special girl and I said Thank God every time I could because I am so happy and I am thinking that we were a couple. We were together every day, we texted on our cell phones the days I couldn’t see her, and days when she had off from work, then she looked at me and she asked me, “what are you thinking about?” She always knows when I am thinking something. I said nothing to her because all I want to do is hold her and not let her go. I saw her head moving towards mine, she gave me a kiss on my lips then she would tongue me when she was done with that I would Eskimo kiss her. Then I felt her fingers on the sides of my body. Then we had an intimate connection again and cuddled again until dinnertime. We got dressed and we went to the restaurant to eat our dinner, she only had a salad. I had a hamburger and French fries. I was very, very hungry because of our “workout” we did all day and I was a happy person because I am sitting with a beautiful lady and I don’t want to change it in the world. We kept Eskimo kissing each other when we were eating our dinner. We were so horny because we looked at each other every minute we could and I know that she wants to go home and I do too. When we were done eating our dinner, I paid the bill. We left the restaurant, and we went back to her place then we went to her bedroom and I took the Viagra and I was sitting on her bed. She came to sit next to me, then we went at it again, we didn’t stop for hours. We had the best intimate experience this time, we were tired but I stayed awake when she was sleeping. I couldn’t keep my eyes off her because she was so pretty. When she was sleeping, I was thinking about, am I making her happy? Does she want more? Does she love me? I would like to take her to Florida with me. Her body was next to mine, and her arm over my body. Then I fell asleep until the next morning. I got awakened from her phone because her job wanted her to come into work a.s.a.p. So we got dressed and she said I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I said to her, “no worries.” She said to me, “I promised that I would make it up to you.” Then she gave me a kiss and an Eskimo kiss. So she took me back to my group home, she gave me an Eskimo kiss again then she said goodbye to me and she went in her car. She left to work, I went back into the group home and I was smiling because I know that I love her. They fed me breakfast and I went to take a bath. My mind was on her because last night was special to me and I was hoping that it was special to her too. When I was done with my bath, I went to my phone and I got messages from Kelly. It said, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I wanted this weekend to be our time, I will stop by before you go to Florida.” I text her back,” no worries, I understand. I miss you.” I got a text from her, it said, “aww Todd. I will stop by on Tuesday night to see you before you go to Florida.”  She knows that I am leaving for Florida on Wednesday morning. I text her back, “I can’t wait to see you again.” Then she wrote back, “Me too. I miss you.” I left her alone because she was working and I don’t want her to get in trouble at her job. Tomorrow night I am going to get a new phone because I want to text more and I don’t want to be on a prepay because I have only 100 texts a month and I know that I am going to use more than that because I have Kelly now and I want to talk to her every minute I can. I stayed around the group home and I wasn’t happy about it but I have only 2 more days then I can leave for Florida and last night was the best night I had with Kelly. Then I had a smile on, the people at the group home asked me, “Why are you smiling.” I said to them that today is Sunday and I have a few days before leaving for Florida.” I didn’t want to tell them anything about Kelly because it isn’t their business to know what I am doing outside of the group home. All-day I was around them until after dinner I went to my bedroom then I went on my computer, I saw a message from Kelly. It was 15 minutes ago then we talked for a long time. We talked about her work, my day, and last night, now I know that she was into me because she said to me, “I wish that you are here with me so you can hold me, cuddle and I can be intimate with you.” I said to her, “I know and I wish that I can drive so I can come over to your place so I can make you happy and I can’t stop thinking about you either. And I told her to get a pillow I was sleeping on and put it next to your hot sexy body then hold it like it's me and count backward 10 to 0.” She said to me, “Thank you, Todd. I don’t have ……….” I knew she fell asleep because yesterday she had a few hours sleep and last night we were awake half the night. I am happy she is sleeping but I was sad because I don’t have anything from her so I can lie down and hold something from her. The next morning came and I had to go to the workshop to sit around for 6 hours. It was so fun. I looked at my phone. I got no message from her; I knew she was still sleeping. I went to the workshop, I heard my phone around 1 o’clock and I knew that it was her that texted me. I didn’t answer because I don’t feel like having any problems at the workshop. I looked at my phone in my bedroom and it was Kelly, she said, “Hi, my prince. Thank you for helping me to go to sleep last night. I miss you.” I wrote her back, you’re a welcome princess! I miss you too. I am going to get a new phone after dinner so in Florida I can text you every minute.” Then she texts me back, “that is awesome!'' So after dinner, a person from the group home took me for a new phone and text was unlimited, I felt better and it was the same cost I was paying. When I was back at the group home, I texted my princess. I said, “Hello to my very sexy princess, I got my new phone and it's easy to use. I want you!“ she wrote back, “I am so glad you got your phone and I want you too. I will be home after 11 o’clock.” I said OK to her then I went to take a little nap, my computer makes a noise when she is online. I had a few hours of sleep and I was waiting for her too, then I heard my computer make the noise. It was her and we talked until 3 am. I was glad I got a little nap. I did go to bed for a few hours and it was morning already. I have to get up to go to the workshop and it was my last day plus my princess is coming over after dinner. So I text her, “Good morning princess, I know you are sleeping. I am hoping that I didn’t wake you. I wanted you to have a text from me when you were getting up.” I got a text from her and I was shocked. I opened my text message, it said, ”XOXOXO, see you later! Please text me anytime you can because I miss you.” I texted her back. I said nothing but I did send something for her, “ @--)---.” It was a rose. She texts me faster than she ever did, she said to me, “Thank you for my rose!'' Before I left for a workshop I texted her back, I said to her, “you’re welcome princess! I wanted to do something for you.” I heard my phone going off, so I asked a person to show me a message from my phone. I saw a lot of X and O from Kelly. I went into the workshop and it was a very long day because I am excited to go to Florida plus Kelly is coming over tonight. I feel like a minute is hours because I was watching the clock, so I went to a room and they were doing Artwork. I watched them do their artwork and I was thinking about the past weekend with Kelly with Viagra then I smiled. A person asked me, “What are you thinking about?” I said, “Oh I, I can’t tell you but I had the best weekend.” A person said, “Did you go out with Kelly?” I said yes to a person. We smiled at each other then I went to different rooms. I wanted to leave because I was sitting there. So after lunch, I asked to leave but they did give me a hard time so I asked them, “can I use my phone for a little bit?” They were giving me a hard time with that too. I said to them, “no problem!” so I stayed there and did nothing until It was time to leave. When it was time to leave, I was so happy to leave there. Then I can go back to the group home, I can pack for Florida and wait for Kelly to come. I know she will come after 9 o’clock because she changed her schedule so she can come after 9 o’clock to see me. So I did everything before she came to see me because I have to leave at 4 o’clock in the morning. I had dinner, took a bath, and did extra things around the group home.  Then I heard a knock at the door, it was Kelly, she came in and she said Hi to everyone. We went to my bedroom then I pushed my door close, we sat on the floor and kissed and talked. I was hoping for a little action before I left for Florida but I know she was very uncomfortable to be there. I was a little sad but I was happy because she was there with me. She stayed for an hour then she left, we kissed and Eskimo kissed. I went outside with her and I was holding her for a long time and she wasn’t trying to move away from me. We were outside for 15 minutes, she was starting to cry then she said to me, “Ok Todd, I have to go.” I gave her an Eskimo kiss then she gave me a kiss, she jumped in her car then she looked at me. She was weeping, she was trying to keep it in. I looked at her and said nothing, she jumped out of her car then she gave me a hug and kissed me then she jumped back in her car. She drove down the driveway and I watched her go. I went back into the group home, everyone was looking at me. Then I said WHAT to them. The show is over and I am going to bed and I will see everyone when I am back from Florida. I went to my bedroom; I left my computer on if she will write to me. I laid down on my bed to try to go to sleep but I couldn’t so I laid there, I fell asleep for a few hours. It was 1:42 am and I checked my computer. She wrote me an email because She doesn’t want me to get up. I read it and I was happy I did because she wrote a nice letter to me. It said, “I was glad that I came and I like when we are together. I was hoping to give you intimacy before you left but I was uncomfortable doing it at your group home I’m sorry. XOXO I will miss you! XOXO.” I saved it, I wrote her back. I said this to her, “Thank you for coming last night, I was happy you came and sat next to me. I needed that and I know that you are uncomfortable at my group home. I'm sorry. XOXO I miss you already XOXO!” I turned my computer and phone off, and then I went to eat something. When I was done with my snack, I asked a staff member to put on the sunglasses she gave to me. They took me to the airport and they helped me check-in. I was sitting on the plane then I closed my eyes then I was thinking about Kelly, It was easy to do because I do care about her too much. When I was at my parents' house, I turned my phone on and I got a few texts from Kelly. I answered her. When I went to the pool at my parent's place, I was walking around the pool. I was saying to myself that I wish Kelly was here with me so we can be together, we talked every day when I was in Florida for 20 days. It was a long day because I wanted to be with Kelly.
Over our texts, we made a little bet on who would get a nicer tan because she likes to go to the tan bed after work. I knew I would win because I was swimming every day and my body didn't get a bad sunburn. On the first day, I will get a sunburn then it will turn to tan. I was leaving a few weeks before Mother’s Day, because of the group home’s rule. I was sad that I couldn't stay for Mother’s Day but I was kind of excited to go back home. It wasn’t a group home because I didn't want to be there but I wanted to see Kelly. I was flying on Friday afternoon so I have to wait until Saturday to see Kelly, so I asked staff for transportation at 7 o’clock in the morning and They weren’t happy with me and I don’t care because I would like to see my princess. When I got to my princess's place and she was waiting for me, we got in her bedroom. She told me that she went out with girls and she drank too much now she was sick as a dog, I said to her, “It is OK because I am here now.” She put her head on my chest and she said to me, “you are the best.” I was lying there and holding her. I didn’t care that I was only lying there because I missed her so much. A few hours went by, I felt she was moving but she went back to sleep. I was looking around her room when she was sleeping plus I was still holding her. She doesn’t know that I have a few presents for her from Florida, so I waited for her to wake up. 20 minutes went by, She was moving. She was looking at me and said to me, “I’m sorry that I went out last night with girls and I got drunk.” Then I said to her, “Did you have fun?” she said yes, I did to me. I said to her, “I am glad you did.” Then she gave me a hug and kissed me. I asked her, “Do you want your presents from Florida.”  I asked her to go into my bag to get a white bag because it is yours. So she jumped off her bed and opened up my bag to get a white bag out then she jumped back in the bed with me. She opened her bag; she saw what I got her. She got a t-shirt with a butterfly and said Florida and I got her butterfly socks too because I knew she loves butterfly things. She said to me, “Thank you, Thank you, Todd. You know how to make me happy.” She knocked me down, and then she undressed me first then herself, we got intimate. When we were doing it, I was thinking about her vacation. There are only 2 weeks left; I want her to stay here with me. I didn’t say anything to her so I enjoyed our time, we were together when she got days off. Every minute she has free time, she would come over to get me so I can go home with her. My dream is coming true for me because I have not thought I would like to find a girl who wants me. So Mother’s Day weekend is coming and Kelly asked me if I want to stay with her Friday night to Monday morning. I said sure to her. So I waited for Friday to come and it was a long week because she moved her schedule around so she has a long weekend for me I guess and Mother’s Day is this Sunday too.  We are going to take her mother out to dinner for Mother’s Day. So Friday night she got me at a group home when she was putting my wheelchair in her car. Like, Always I went over to the driver's side to open a door for her. She always said Thank you to me and kissed me, we stopped at the bar to have a few drinks then we went home. All weekend we were in bed, no clothes on we were kissing, cuddling, and intimate until Sunday afternoon. I can’t ask for a better weekend because my life is changing in a good way. We got dressed to go to the restaurant to meet her parents. We were waiting for a table, Kelly put her hand on my back then she went down to my ear and she said to me, “Are you OK? I need to go to the bathroom.” I said to her, “I am fine, my princess.” She went to the bathroom then I overheard her parents say, Her mother said to her husband, “something is going on with my daughter and Todd..” I was saying to myself, “You don’t want to know what we are doing every time we are together. Your daughter is a beautiful person and I love her.” I didn’t say it but I was thinking about it. She came over to me when she was done with the bathroom and I smiled at her. The table was ready; everyone went to sit down at the table. Kelly put me next to her so she can help me eat. We ate our dinner and we were looking at each other again then she said something in my ear. She wanted to know if we could go to her parents' place? I looked at her like, you don’t have to ask me if you want to go to your parent's place and it is Mother’s Day. So we did go over to her parents for a few hours and I don’t care if we were over there because her parents are loving people. Kelly sat next to me, she said to me in my ear, “It is ok to put your hand on me.” Then I looked at her, I put my hand on her knee then she put her hand on top of me. I don’t know if she wanted her parents to know we were together or She wants to get approval from them or She just wants me holding her. I did what she wanted because I don’t want to step over the line so I listened to her because I don’t want to make her uncomfortable in front of her parents or her friends. Her mother asked her daughter, “Are you taking Todd home or your place?” she said to her, “and I am taking him home tomorrow morning because I have to go work by 8 o’clock.” Then she smiled at me when I looked at her. We did nothing but we were ready to go, we said Good night to them. Her father helped to put my wheelchair in her car and I opened her door in her car. We went back to her place, she said to me, “I would like to get some sleep but I would like you to be intimate with me this time. She sat on my face and I did what I do, when she said to me, “wow Todd, does it taste like pineapple?” I said to her, “I love pineapple!” she laughed then we played around for a little bit. She went to sleep and I couldn’t go to sleep so I was thinking about her because I feel like I got the gift from God. When she was sleeping next to me, I was lying in the bed with her and we were holding each other. She was sleeping but I stayed awake because I was happy and excited about what I got next to me. I got one more weekend before she leaves for Alaska. I was thinking of asking her if we could go to see my grandparents and my Uncle so she can meet some of my family. She moved around a little, she was holding me more. I went to sleep, then I woke up to move around but I didn’t move because she was talking on her phone. When she was done talking on the phone, I moved around and asked her who it was? She said to me, “That was the person I am meeting up with within Alaska, and don’t worry Todd. I am here with you.” I didn’t ask any questions because I didn't want to let her think I was very uncomfortable. I felt something was wrong but I didn’t go forward with it so I asked her about next weekend to go to see my grandparents and my Uncle. She said to me, “I'd love to!” She was laying on me when she was sleeping but I kept thinking about the phone call. I said to myself, it isn’t my business to know plus if she wants me to know about it. She will tell me, I hope. I went to sleep for a little while, then she jumped on me. She said to me, “We have to go.” We got dressed and she drove me to my group home when She was driving, I was playing with her boobs and she was playing with my man part. I wanted to see how she would act because of the phone call earlier in the morning, she was the same. We got to my group home, she gave me a kiss and said See you Tuesday night. Do you remember that shirt I got when I met you at the mall?” I said yes to her, I am going to wear it that night so when I am on vacation. When I am wearing it in Alaska, I can only think about you. That made me feel better when she said that so you gave me a second kiss and she left. I changed my clothes and put deodorant on because I don’t have time to take a shower, I have to go to the workshop because it is my program to go there. So, I got ready to go to the workshop but I was thinking about a phone call this morning but I know that it isn’t my business but we are together every week and weekend plus, I feel that we are a couple. I am calling her place my home. I said to myself, “we played with each other when she was driving me to my group home! I need to stop thinking about it.” I heard my phone go off a few times and I was sitting there and thinking about Kelly. Then I said to myself, “I know why I have to go there because they are getting paid when I am there.” So, they are getting money when I am there. I said to myself; it is time for a little game. I went to the workshop and I went around there about 5 times, I found a person to help me. I wanted the text to my princess. A person said to me, “You can’t.” I said to a person, “I know but is it my right to ask for help, and if you said no., I can abuse papers because you said no.” I got a few texts in before Ken got me. I went with him to his office; he said the same things and He wants my phone to stay at the group house. I said to him, ``NO, NO, NO, and I want my caseworker at the group home and call my group home to get me in 15 minutes or I am riding my wheelchair there.” He didn’t know what to say to me because we hit heads together and I don’t like him. My group home came before 10 minutes, they said to me, “Are you OK?” I said to them, “I am fine but I need to talk to my caseworker.” Then their eyes got larger because they know that when I said caseworker that means I have a problem with something. They took me to a group home and I heard that my caseworker is coming in 2 hours so I took a shower. I was laughing in the shower because I was in the mood to get everyone in trouble. When I was done with my shower, I told them that I was hungry. They fed my lunch; I was done eating my lunch. My caseworker came in. We went to my bedroom and we talked about everything. 
Then she said to me that the group home thinks that I am with Kelly too much. It isn’t right that I am away a lot and you have jobs around the house.  Then I said to her, “time out! Am I here for 22 days? Yes or no.” she said yes you are. I said to her, “WHAT IS THE PROBLEM?” She was looking around to try to find something to say and She couldn’t. I told her that if someone from this company called Kelly to try to stop us from going out, or me staying out over the weekend, you know that is abuse on everyone and I will get a lawyer. She said to me, “don’t worry, no one is going to stop you.” She knows me when I say something, I mean it. The group home is thinking that I am way too much then I will be here more. Now, I want a Manager to come into my bedroom. He came in, and the caseworker asked him. Is there a problem with Todd going out with Kelly? He said no. I know he was lying, Then the caseworker said to him, “if someone calls her without Todd. He can go to the lawyer.” He said okay. I don’t know if they did or didn’t but I had a feeling that they did. We were done with our meeting, I texted Kelly, I said to her, “Hi, princess. How is your day going? I can’t wait tomorrow night to see you.” She texted me back, and said, “Hi, my prince, my day is better now because I got a text from you XOXO. See you tomorrow night.” I text her back, “I am counting the hours.” She wrote to me.  I left her alone because she wrote a word; I know that she is busy. So I went into the kitchen to see if they needed help with dinner. I know my caseworker is still downstairs, so the staff asked me, “What did you do?” I said nothing to the staff. Then my caseworker said goodbye to me when she left the group home. Then Manager came upstairs from meeting with my caseworker and he left too. I was still helping with dinner. While I was helping with dinner I was thinking about what they are doing because they left too fast, so I said to the staff, “excuse me, I have to go write something down.” A staff member said ok to me, so I went to the bedroom and went to my computer. I opened the notepad on a computer; I wrote what I was thinking. When I was done, I went back to the kitchen to help them. Staff asked me what I did. I said to the staff, “Oh I thought something so I wrote it on a notepad on my computer. I know they don’t use it without my password so a staff member asked me, “What did you write?” I said to the staff, “I have to ask my Mom something.” A staff member said Oh to me, I had to lie because I don’t want them to know what I am doing because I have a plan. If Kelly texts me that she can’t make it or call off, then I know that they are including our business. I can’t tell them what I am doing because they will think about what is next step is for me, so I had to play dumb this time. Dinner was ready so I went to my bedroom to see if I had texted, and I did from my princess. She said to me, “I wish that tonight was Tuesday because I don’t want to be alone tonight.” I felt bad for her because I can’t be there for her so I texted her back. I said to her, “aww, I wish that I am there with you tonight but I feel that way every night, I want to be there for you.” Then she said, “you do?” I said, “Do you remember our third visit to your place? You want to know if I should move with you out of NY, I am thinking about it more.” She said, “I remembered that and you said no because of your programs and Medicaid. I understood why. Why are you thinking about it now.” I started thinking about it because we didn’t talk about being girlfriend and boyfriend or if we were dating yet? I know that I love her with all my heart and I am afraid to say it so I like the girl to have the upper hand in a relationship because I’m not good with it. I was afraid to go over the line with anyone so I waited for a person to do it first then I knew what they were thinking. So I was trying to get her to open up more so I can see where She is going here and I would like to go forward here but I knew we met on Valentine’s weekend and now is in May, we talked almost every day and at the end of March we went places plus we slept together. I am thinking all this because am I scared about why she is going to Alaska?  Yes, I was because she is so beautiful to my eyes and I don’t want to lose her but she let me go to Florida without any problem and she promised me that she will be with me. It was half an hour until I answered her back so I said to her, “I’m sorry, I had to help them with something. I am thinking about a lot of things and us.” She said, “aww, Todd. Me too.” I was hoping she would say a little more because I would like to talk about our relationship but she said, “me too.” How do I start this, so I text her back, “I can’t wait for tomorrow night so we can lay on each other naked, and we can just hold one another.” She wrote back, “I like it when you are talking dirty to me. Now I am excited to see you tomorrow night.” I said to her, “then we can be intimate.” She sent me a happy face.” Then she wrote to me, “I am so horny because of you. I am going back to work but I am going to be on the computer later.” I said to her, “ok pineapple.” Then she said to me, ”TODD! THANK YOU. XOXOX.” I sent X and O back to her. I was waiting for her to get home so I went to the kitchen to see what they were doing; my roommates were in the bed. Staff was doing paperwork, they saw me then they asked me, “Do you want anything?” I said to them that I was a little hungry and I knew that I had 2 hours until I talked with Kelly. I know that I have to do more around the group home and I know that they don’t like Kelly! I need to play my games now because Kelly is part of my life now and I am so happy. Plus I am taking her to my grandparents and my Uncle's place, it means a lot to me that she is going to meet them. I did write to them that I am coming to see them, they said ok. Staff got pizza because everyone was in bed. I ate some and chatted with the staff but I didn’t talk about my princess because I wanted it out of the group home but they tried. I looked at the clock and I saw an overnight person coming in 15 minutes and I like her because we started a good friendship on the first night I met her. On her first night, I waited until all the staff left and everyone went to bed. I went into the living room and turned on the “risqué show” then she said to me, “Oh I did that, I want to do that.” I laughed because I knew that She was a good person so we started talking about everything before her training because I had good people. When they went to their training, they turned them into little bitch because the company doesn’t want any relationship between us. I was so lucky to meet a special person and her name is Cheryl. Sometimes I went out with my friends, I would come in a little drunk and she didn’t get mad because she does too on her time. She will make something to eat before I go to bed, we would talk every night when she is working. Sometimes I stayed up for her so I have 1 on 1 time because the day staff is too busy to help me with what I need so I waited for her to help me. Cheryl met Kelly a few times because we come back after 11 pm and she knows I love her plus I am talking to Kelly on my computer for 3 hours. She gave me my space when I needed it or she asked me if I needed anything, that night she walked in and I was sitting at the table because I ate pizza plus I was waiting for Kelly to come on the computer. Staff can’t wait until 11 pm so they can leave. When we were ourselves She would come into my bedroom when I was waiting for Kelly, she asked me, “how was your day?” I laughed, I said to her, “It might be in the logbook or my book.” Then she asked me, “What did you do?” I told her, “read the books.” I knew they wrote everything plus they made it more extreme so I looked bad. When She was reading it, I was talking to Kelly on the computer. Then she came into my bedroom and she said to me, “WOW!” I know she can’t tell me what they said because it is confidential but I know what they did. I looked at her and said to her, “I am sick of everything, all I want is to have a life of my own or with someone. I have the right to do what I do.” Sometimes I ask myself why I am here in the group home, you know that I like to have drinks with friends and I’m sorry I came in a little drunk a few times.” Then she stopped me and she said to me, “You don’t have to be sorry because everyone gets drunk a few times but you know how to control it because you know how to stop. I know because I came to pick you up and I know you were drinking, I was so afraid because I didn’t know how to get back to the group home. I had a lot of help because you helped me! Then I knew you have a high IQ but you have to keep on your game and you have a beautiful lady to come get you.” I was listening to her and I was writing to Kelly too, I told Cheryl that I need to get my own place and I can say this to myself “I am home now” now I’m not home because It isn’t a home for me. She said to me, “I know, I know Todd! Maybe one day you can.” I laughed and said, “Yeah Right Sure!” Then Cheryl said to me, “I am going to clean the house.” I said ok to her, I kept talking to Kelly. We talked about tomorrow night. She was scared of meeting my grandparents and my Uncle and her trip to Alaska. I didn’t care because we were talking every day and we were getting to know each other more. It was after 3 am and I had to go to the workshop and she had to go to work at 11, so we said Good night and a lot of X and O. I went out to the kitchen to talk to Cheryl. She said to me, “Are you still up?” I said to her, “yes I am.” Did she ask me why? What is wrong? I said to her, “Do you know that you have a funny feeling about something but I don’t want to start any problem.” Then she said to me, “I know where you are coming from because I got them and I have to know when it’s the right time to say it. I bet you are worried about Kelly going to Alaska” I said to her, “yep I am.” She said to me, “Ok Todd. You knew Kelly for a little more than 3 months now and you knew that she was going on a vacation in Alaska plus every day you are talking to her and staying over her place every weekend. I feel like she cares about you and maybe she loves you. I think you won’t worry about anything because you got her.” I felt a little better when we talked so I went to bed. I was very tired when I went to sleep. I got up at 7 am to get ready to go to the workshop, when I was getting ready for the day. I was thinking about tonight because I am going to Kelly’s place and staying there for a few days. I wrote a text to her, “Good morning my princess, I am going to the workshop now but See you later. XOXO!” Then she wrote me back, she said to me, “Good morning, I can’t wait to see you tonight XOXO!” I left it alone because she was sleeping so I ate my breakfast then left to go to the workshop. I sat there and didn’t ask for any help. I have time to think things over, it was a long day for me but I was thinking about tonight. Then Knob came over to me and he said that I could have my phone for a little while. I said Thank you to him but I was thinking, why didn't we work this out together in the first place! I did hear my phone go off, so I didn’t check it and I have to remember to do long texts on each text because I have only 20 texts a day at the workshop. Staff came over to me and she sat next to me, she said to me, “oh shit! I am amazed by what you did!” I said to the staff, “Well, Thank you.  I said what I felt like and fought for it.” Then a staff member asked me if I wanted to do any texts, I said no because I didn’t hear my phone go off and I am going to see her tonight. Then we heard my phone going off, the staff went to get my phone out, it was Kelly. She said, “I am counting down the hours and I will be there around 7 pm. maybe go out for dinner? XOXO!” we texted her back, it said, “you know that you are my princess. I can’t wait to see you and hold you. Yes, for dinner. See you around 7 pm. XOXO!” she wrote back, '' OK See you XOXO!” It was time to leave there so I went to the group home and I told staff that I am leaving around 7 pm. The staff helped me pack a few things for Kelly’s place then fed me a snack. Then I was done. The Manager asked to see me in my room. I went into my room and I was thinking about “fork, what did I do now!” He closed my door, he said to me, “I am here for you and if you need anything from us please ask.” I said to him, “Ok, I will Thank you.” I know something is up because he is the dirtbag; I did go with it because I have to face the people but I am hoping Cheryl is by my side. 
I talked to the dirtbag, and I thought that I heard Kelly's voice, but it was only 5:40 pm. I said to myself, it isn't her already, but it would be nice if she was here, and then I can go away from this. We kept talking, well he was talking, and I listened. Then I heard a knock at my door, and it was Kelly! I looked at her; she hugged me and kissed me in front of him. She said to us, "I'm sorry that I am early; I went to my work early so I can have more time with Todd. Can I take him now?" The Manager said, "Oh sure! He has 24 hours to call and check-in." Then he left my room, Kelly went down to my ear, and she said to me, "I am so horny!" I smiled at her, I got in my push wheelchair, and she put my bag on my lap. She pushed me out of her car, and I got in her car. Then I went over to her side to open her door for her when she put my wheelchair in her car. She got in her car, and she said Thank you, Todd, she kissed me. She said to me, and we are going home because I need to shower, then we will eat somewhere. When she was driving to her place, we were holding hands. We looked at each other, and we smiled at each other; I felt it was a special time for us. When we got to her place, we went to her bedroom. She undressed in front of me and then went in the shower; I said to myself, why not go in with her. I undressed and crawled in the bathtub with her. It was hard to crawl in there, but I did it. Then she said to me, "I am happy you came in here with me." When I looked up at her, I had never seen something so beautiful in the world. The water was hitting her body, and the water was running down off her. I did nothing or anything because it was so beautiful. I watched her wash, and she washed my body too, but I kept looking at her. We got out of the bathtub, she was wearing the towel around her, but She is still wet. She was starting to get ready to go out, and I was sitting there and watching her. Then she yelled at me to get dressed, I started dressing, but I kept my eyes on her because I love to watch girls get ready. I heard a knock at her door, and I thought to hear her mother was here; Kelly walked over to me and kissed me, then she went out of her room to get the door. I put my clothes on her bed, then I jumped in the bed, I started getting dressed, and I was freaked out because her mother was here and Kelly was wearing a towel around her, and I was in her bed half-naked. I am hoping that her mom won't judge me; I heard them coming. Kelly opened the door slowly because she wanted to see where I was. I had a sheet over me; she put her head in the room. She saw me, and she was apologizing to me, she opened the door, and her mother saw me. Her mother said Hi, Todd. I was so shocked because I thought Kelly didn't want her parents to know about us. I was happy because she let her mother know that we were together; her mother said to me, "See you at dinner." She left her room; I heard her leave the apartment. Kelly returned to the room and closed the door; she said to me, "We have time." she opened a towel up, then she jumped into the bed, we got intimate. When we had our little fun, we got the dress, and we went to meet her parents for dinner. Now I was a little uncomfortable going to dinner with her parents because her mother saw me in her daughter's bed and her Kelly was wearing only a towel, now we smell like we had an intimate time. I thought that it wasn't a good look for me now I wasn't myself. Kelly saw that I was not me; she asked me, "what is wrong, my prince?" I said to her, "Oh, nothing." Then she said, "I think that I know what is wrong; you are scared because my mother saw you in my bed naked, and you are worried about what she thinks of you." I said to her, "wow, you are good at reading me." She said to me, "You are very special to me, and my mother was OK with it." Then I put my hand over her hand and held it, and then she asked me to come over to her. I did, then she kissed me; I looked at her for a long time. We were at a restaurant; her parents were waiting for us, her father came over to help his daughter take out my wheelchair. Her mother came over to talk with me. She was talking to me then Kelly came with my wheelchair. I got in it, and then we went into the restaurant. Kelly and I were sitting together, but we held hands under the table because of her father. Kelly was talking with her parents, I was fine with it, and I listened to them. Kelly was looking at me when they were talking; she knew that I felt left out, but she was trying to include me in their conversation, but it was hard for me to talk and eat simultaneously. So I listened to them and laughed, we stayed there for 2 hours. I asked Kelly to get my credit card out, then her parents yelled at me. They want me to put my credit card back in my wallet! She did what they asked. I said Thank you for dinner. So we left the restaurant, we got to her place, and we saw her roommates were watching T.V. and they asked us to come to watch with them. So we went over there, I was sitting up on the couch, and she was lying down, then she put her legs on top of me. I put my hand on her leg under the blanket, she looked at me, and she smiled. I knew her roommates because we met in the bars. They were telling Kelly stories about me. Everyone was laughing and having good times, and then I felt her hand on my leg. I looked at her like (what are you doing?) then she whispered that I was so horny, she sat up and went to my ear and said to me, "I know you are so horny. Let's go to my room." I looked at her, and I said no to her; then I took my hand, put it on her hand, then moved her hand over to my man part. She was a little shocked when I did that, but She didn't move her hand away. Her hand stayed there for hours; we waited for her roommates to go to bed before I moved. They went to bed when the movie was ending, and then Kelly was starting to move around; I asked her to stay there. She said to me, "why Todd?" I said to her, "move around and no Viagra!" she said to me, "yeah, I know, but I know how to take care of you." I started crawling to her bedroom, and I knew that I lost my stuff, so I went to the bathroom. She came in when I was going to the bathroom, and she was wearing only a t-shirt; she is still using my toothbrush to brush her teeth. I like when she does that because it means a lot to me, and it feels like we are a couple, then she is done with brushing her teeth. She went by me, and she said to me, "I will be on the bed and waiting for you." Then I saw her t-shirt on the floor, I came out of the bathroom, and I saw Kelly! She was lying on her side with nothing on, I crawled over her bed, and I crawled in bed with her, and we went at it for a very long time. We went to sleep next to each other, and I'm not a good sleeper. I tried laying next to her to be comfortable because I know she likes to sleep on me, and I like when she is next to me, holding me. We did the same things when I left for Florida; we stayed in bed and talked. I know that I will be back on Friday night for the weekend, so I let her talk and have fun. I was thinking of saying I love you. I thought it would be a good time before she leaves for Alaska. Then I looked at her and asked her to come to lay on top of me, so she did that, and her head was on my chest. Then she heard my stomach, and she looked up at me. She said to me, "Are you hungry?" I said to her, "yes, I am, but I am hungry for you!" she said to me, "Oh Todd! I know you are hungry for me, but you need to eat food." I laughed; she put her t-shirt back on then she went to get some food for me. She found leftover pizza from last night the roommates had, and I heard her ask them if Todd can have some pizza. They said sure to her, and she came with pizza. She fed me; we were joking around and laughing. She asked me, "What do you want to do today? It is your day." I said to her, "My day is Saturday because I am taking you to my grandparent's and my Uncle's place." Then she said to me," That is our day because you met my parents, and I'm not counting that day." So I was done eating; I put my hand on her t-shirt, then I held her t-shirt, she said to me, "It is OK, I want you to do it." I pulled her t-shirt forward in my direction so when I fell backward, She would fall on top of me; she said to me, "I know that You are trying to be careful because You don't want to hurt yourself or me, and I don't want to make you uncomfortable. I wish that every guy was like you because you waited for a girl to say OK." I said to her, "That is how I am; I like to ask first because I am different, and I don't want a girl to think that I am trying to hurt her." Then she went on her knees, took off her t-shirt, and said to me, "I know what you want, my prince." We were doing it again, again and again. We were tired and sweating; this time, my head was lying on her boob. I laid there for a long time, and I could hear her heart beating. She was holding me, and I tried to sleep on her, but I couldn't because I was drooling; I don't want to do that because I'm not too fond of drooling on myself, so I started to move off of her. She asked me, "where are you going?" Before I answered her, she gave me a hand towel. Then she said to me, "I like that you were lying on top of me. Do you remember what I said to you? You can drool on me, and come on, and we are intimate when we are together." I looked at her, and I wiped my mouth off, then I lay back down on her boob. Wednesday went fast for me because I was with a girl I like, and I am happy with Kelly. When I was lying on her, she went to sleep for a little while, but I stayed there and watched her sleep.
When she woke up, she gave me kisses. She called my group home because it would be in 23 hours, and I have to check-in. She wants to take me early Thursday morning because she would work for 16 hours on Thursday and Friday. She has to work from 8 am to 3 pm then she will get me. A person from the group home said Thank you for calling us; when is Todd to be back here? She said before 7 am, and he said he is going to the workshop. When she was done with a phone call, she put her hair up when she turned her head around. She said to me, "Get dressed because we are going out." So, we got a dress, but I was watching her every minute I could. When we were ready, we went outside, and she pushed my wheelchair around. I don't know how, but I had her arm around me a few times when she pushed me. We were outside until it started to get dark out, and then we went up to her apartment and we made dinner. We were done eating and cleaning up. I was by her side so she could see me when I was talking. She looked at me, and she asked me, "What's wrong, my prince." I said to her, "I feel that I am useless because I want to take care of you, open doors for you, cook for you and make you a happy person in the world, and I know that I'm not good at bed." She stopped washing the dishes; she turned around, so she was in front of me, then she went on her knees. She said to me, "Oh Todd, please stop that because you always open the door for me at my car door. I feel special when you do it, and you helped me cook because I didn't know how to make lasagna; I love when you say `` asshole to me because it is special to me. I think it is special to me, and I know you are joking around with me plus I think it is very cute to me and our bed thing; I do not care about that because I know that you are trying your best you can, and I am happy with it because it is our thing. Why are you here every week? Because I like your company and I am hoping that you will too." I said to her, "I love to be with you, and I love what we got, and I love you." She said to me, "I don't use the L-word. I'm sorry." I was thinking to myself, oh damn! Oh damn! Oh damn! What do I do now; I thought it was the right time to say it. Oh damn!" She knew that I was talking to myself because she watched my eyes and mouth move around, then she said to me, "It is OK, my prince, I'm not shocked that you have feelings for me. I want the same thing here, but I don't want to use that L word, is it OK?  Now I would like you to get back in bed so we can have fun." Then she put her hair down for me because she knows that I like it that way. So, we cuddled all night long. It was Thursday morning, and I was up; she was still sleeping, I was lying there, and she was holding me. When I was lying there, I was thinking about last night. She doesn't like to use the "L" word. When we met, the only thing I came up with was that she told me that she had a terrible relationship before me. Maybe she was afraid of falling in love again or getting hurt again, I understand, so I put my hand on top of her hand and held it. She was starting to move around, then she took her fingers, put them between my fingers, and closed us together. We were lying there for about 20 minutes; we heard the alarm clock. She said to me, "We have 35 hours before we can be together for the weekend. Roll over." I rolled over, and then she sat on top of me. She said to me, "I put the alarm on a little early so we can be together before we go." So, we did our thing, and we left her apartment, and I opened her car door for her. I was in a group home, she kissed me, and she left to go to work. I went inside the group home and saw Cheryl still there, so she fed me breakfast and knew that I was a happy person. I told her about the "L" word, and she said it is OK because she is saying it in different ways; love you. I said to her that I agree with you because Kelly put the alarm clock on early, so we were together before we went and she likes to sleep every minute she can. Cheryl said to me, "I saw that you are going to Kelly's place this weekend; what you and Kelly are doing over the weekend?" I told her that we are going to my grandparent's and Uncle's place to meet them. Then she said to me, "that is what a relationship does, and it is good to call your part because it means that you care for her too much." I said to her, "I am hoping so because she is my dream girl." Staff was coming in because it was time for changes in the shift, so I stopped talking to Cheryl. We have only codes; I was not comfortable talking to others about my relationship with Kelly. I went to the workshop, and I texted her, and she texted back too. It was helping my day go faster, and I was smiling. I gave no one problem; I sat there and thought about my princess. Someone helped with my text, but I kept it in the code, so Kelly and I know we didn't want the helper to know what we were talking about. When we were doing that, I was laughing my head off. They saw that I was so happy when it was time for me to go to the group home. I am excited because I had a little over 24 hours to go before the weekend, and I knew that I could talk to Kelly on the computer tonight. I got into my bedroom, and I looked at my computer; I had nothing from Kelly yet so, I went out to my bedroom, and I went to the kitchen to help out because the next 24 hours would belong to me. So, I want to try to keep myself busy. It wasn't hard to do, but I am worried about it after this weekend because Kelly is going to Alaska for ten days. I know that it will not be good for me because I know that I will miss her more than anything in the world, and I know it was hard because I went to Florida, and it is so hard to leave her. I said to myself, "I am going to have dinner, then go to take a bath, and then talk to Kelly, then tomorrow go to the workshop then see Kelly again. It kept me happy, and I know that I will be next to my princess all weekend long. It was dinner time, and I was not too fond of it; I asked for a few hotdogs. They weren't happy with me because I didn't eat the dinner they had. I didn't care what they think because I know what food I like; I will try it, but I don't want to try it again if I had it before. So, I ate my few hotdogs and French fries they had. Then I went to take a bath, that is my list of things to do. When I was done with my bath, I was going to my bedroom. I was going through the kitchen to go to my bedroom, and I stopped in the kitchen because I heard someone is going off again. I went over to see what was happening; I looked, then turned around, went to my bedroom, and said to myself, "It is getting old too fast, and I need to move out of the group home." I closed my bedroom door; I went to my computer. I saw my parents were online; I said Hi, to them. We talked a little bit, and I told them that I want to move out of the group home because it isn't for me. They said to me, "I'm sorry, you can't move to Florida because there is no program for me to live down here. Up there, you got a beautiful home, and the staff is helping me, plus you have five roommates." I said to them, "I know that They can't help it, but I am tired of them going off to the workshop and group home. I feel like I am in a crazy nuts place." They said to me, "Oh, Todd. It is fine, and you need to open up more and give people a break." I said OK to them because they don't know what is going on here. I feel like no one cares how I feel, and they put me in a group home five years ago because they wanted to move to Florida. I'm not mad about that; I know I can do better than this. I know I can live independently by myself because I did it, and I have a beautiful princess in my life; I know that I can't move forward with this relationship with Kelly in the group home. I started to cry because it was too welcoming. After all, I have to fight for everything I want; I'm not moving forward more than I wish I wanted. The only thing that keeps me going is Kelly because I am different around her, and I am happy when I am with her. Then I heard the knock in front of my bedroom door, and it was staff telling me that it is meeting time. So, everyone has to come to the living room for a meeting. I said OK and rolled my eyes, and I wouldn't say I like their meeting because it is the same stuff. I was in the mood to give them a hard time, but I didn't because I have a little under 20 hours then I am leaving out here, and I am going with my princess this weekend plus we are going to see my grandparents and Uncle this weekend. So, I listened to them, and I was bored, and I wanted to go to my bedroom. It took 2 hours and sitting there with no new information when it was done, I went back to my bedroom and closed my door. I saw that Kelly wrote to me. The message said, "Hi, my prince. I miss you, and I wish you were here now." I said to myself, "Oh boy. She feels lonely and horny." I wrote her the message on the computer, "Hi, my princess. You don't want to know how bad I want to come over there and hold you. I am counting hours and minutes to see you." She said to me, "Me too. I was thinking of stopping by to see you after work." I said to her, "why You didn't?" she said to me, "I didn't because I don't want them to give you a hard time over me." I said to her, "I like to have visitors; I don't have a lot of visitors here. If you came tonight, it would make it easy on both of us, and I want Eskimo to kiss you all over you." She said, "I know you would." Then I ask her a question, "we have 19 hours to go, and we want to see each other asap, but You are short going to Alaska for ten days; what are we doing with that? I can't see you and hold you." She wrote back, "I know Todd. I know. It was a hard time when you went to Florida. I don't want to think about it." I said to her, "I'm sorry." She said to me, "You don't have to be sorry; you didn't do anything wrong. The truth is I am asking myself that question." I said to her, "Oh, are you?" Then she said to me, "yes, I am!
Then Jennifer said to me, "It is time to take a break." So, I went off the couch from lying on her, and I was sitting on the floor. She jumped off the couch, then she said to me, "You were warm! Do you want a drink because I am thirsty?" I said to her, "yes, please. I would like to have rum and coke." She said to me, "sure! Can I have one too?" I said to her, "I told you that you could have anything you want." She said to me, "I know, but it is your thing, and I don't want to step over the line here." I looked at her, and I said to myself, "is she worried about stepping over the line? She is wearing only a white t-shirt, kind of I can see her body and small shorts, and I am wearing only socks and underpants." She went to the kitchen, and I jumped in the power wheelchair, I looked outside, and it was still snowing, and I couldn't see her car because the snow was over her car, then I looked at my van. I saw the only top of my van, then Jennifer came with two rum and coke. She put our glasses down then ran to the bathroom; I was going to each window to look outside, but I couldn't because the snow was on the windows. I said to myself, "It is a good idea to get dressed because if the power went out, it would get cold fast in here." Then I turned on the TV and I couldn't get anything; I turned it off. Then she went out of the bathroom and asked me, "what are you doing?" I said to her, "I was trying the TV, I got nothing." I was starting to worry now because there was no TV and I couldn't see outside, but I kept my cool. I saw that she was going to get my drink, and she said to me, "Are you ready for your drink?" I said yes to her. When she gave me my drink, I was drinking it, but I felt it was running down my chest. When I was done with my drink, she wiped it off my chest. I smiled at her because she is trying her best; she should. When she was done cleaning me off, she went over to get her glass. She was holding her drink, she said to me, "I can't wait to write about seeing your grandparents and Uncle." I said nothing to her because I don't want to give her any clues about the next chapters! So, I said, me too to her. Then she drank her drink, and she said to me, "I would like to go back to writing, and you were keeping me warm!" I said ok to her. She went to the couch; I said to myself, "I guess she wants me to lay on top of her again." So, I went over to sit between her legs and lay back on between her boobs. She put a blanket over us, then she got the laptop and put on a blanket. She said to me, "where were we?" I said to her, "I asked her, does she think about us, and she said, yes I am." So, I left it alone because it is the last weekend before Alaska. All I want from her is to be happy and excited to go to Alaska. I said to myself, "Sometimes the relationship has two sides, and we have to work together. Plus, she didn't give me a hard time to go to Florida." We talked over the computer too late in the morning, and I might get 3 hours of sleep. I was right about getting 3 hours of sleep because it was the next morning already; so, I ate my breakfast and went to the workshop. It was a long day because I didn't sleep last night and I was excited about this weekend because we will see my grandparents and Uncle this weekend. I can't wait to see my princess, but I am sad too because she leaves me for ten days. I know what I can do when she is in Alaska; I can buy something for her back home. When I was at the workshop, we were texting a lot, and I am happy. When it was time to leave, I was happier. When I got to the group home, I said to myself, "I am going home!" I was packing my stuff up for the weekend. Then I heard her voice, and the staff said to her, "He is in his room." I saw her coming to my room, she said to me, "hi handsome!" She helped me pack, then she said to me, "You don't need clothes. The only time you need clothes is when we are going to your grandparents' and Uncle's place." Staff walked into my room and gave me the brown bag. She said, "what is that?" I said to her, "go ahead, look inside." So, she did, and she smiled. She said to me, "Oh Todd, it is Viagra!" She put it in my bag, and she said to me, "You don't need it because you are fine, but we might use it." We went to her car, I got in her car, and I opened her car door. Then we kiss when we are done with that. She was driving to her place, and we were holding each other's hand; I was looking at her when she was driving because I know that I got a beautiful girl next to me and I am taking her to see parts of the family tomorrow. She asked me, "what are you thinking?" I said to her, "I was thinking about us and this weekend." She smiled at me, and she said to me, "Oh Todd! I think that you want me now." I laughed, and I said yes, I do." She said to me, "I want you now, and I can't wait until we are at my place." I said to myself, "someone is horny!" When we got to her place, we went upstairs, and we went to her room. We took everything off our bodies, and we did our thing. When we are done with that, we will be lying there and talking. When we were done talking, we went at it again, again and again. We were tired and hungry; she went to the kitchen to get some food, and she brought food so I could eat. Then she asked me, "Do you want to go out tomorrow tonight after we visit your grandparents and Uncle?" I said to her, "sure if you want to." When we were done eating, we went back to it again, and we were holding each other all night long. When we were done, she went to sleep, and I stayed awake because I was thinking about things. After the night I know that she wants me and no one else, and Alaska is only ten days. I need to stop worrying about it. I closed my eyes. I was up before her, and I was watching her sleep. I said to myself, "I love her more than any in the world." I went to the bathroom, and I woke her up. she said to me, "Good morning." I said to her, "Good morning, princess." Then she asked me, "Do you want me before we go to your grandparents and Uncle's place?" I put my finger next to my face, so it is telling her what I am thinking. Then she said to me, "TODD!" I laughed. We did our thing again when we were done. We got dressed, ate, and we were on the road after 11 o'clock. An hour to get to my grandparent's and Uncle's place. And I know that they don't want us to come before 12. We got there, and I saw that my Uncle was up, Kelly and my grandmother were sitting on the couch, I was sitting on the floor and my Uncle was sitting in his wheelchair next to me. They asked a lot of questions, and we answered their questions. We were there for 3 hours then they wanted us to go because They don't want us driving home in the dark. So, we left there, and about 20 minutes later we got hit by a rainstorm. We couldn't see anything; she did slow down. Then out of the blue, she asked me, "Do you want to go to the mall to eat some dinner?" I said to her, "sure." So, we went to the mall, and the rain was coming down hard. She said to me, "Are you ready to get a little wet?" I said to her, "I guess so. If you are ready, then Me two." Well, we got stork, the water was running off us. We went to a restaurant to eat our dinner. She was sitting next to me, and her hair was so wet; I looked at her. she said to me, "stop it because you can't have me now." Then she did Eskimo kiss me and kissed me. We ate our dinner, and then we went back to her bedroom. She was helping undress me because I was stork from the rain, then I went to her bed. She undresses, then we do it again, and I take Viagra. It was a fantastic imitation we had, and then she wants me on the floor. She put her shirt on, and she came to sit next to me. She had a camera in her hand, and she took some pictures of us then she found the best picture between her and us and put flowers around us in our hearts. I felt special by it, and then she went to her computer to email that picture to me. When she was doing that, she told me to get dressed because we are going out. So, I am dressing, and I was watching her dress herself. We went to the place we met. People said to me, "Hi, Todd." We drank and did some dances, but she told me that you can dance with other people. I said to myself, "I won't because I got my girl." I went to the dance floor, but I am still looking at her. People were trying to dance with me, but I kept my eyes on my girl because I love her. We drank more, and the bouncer was helping me to go to the bathroom. When we were all ready to go home. We were sitting in the car. She said to me, `` I need to go to the bathroom." I said to her, "Me too." She said to me, "again? We aren't going back in." She got out of her car, open my car door. She looked around, opened her pants, then pulled her pants down, then she peeped! When she was done, I got out of her car. I pull my pants down then I pee. Then we got back home, and I needed to go to the bathroom again. When I was crawling up the stairs, I couldn't move because I needed to go to the bathroom badly. It took me 20 minutes, but I did it. I went to the bathroom and sat there for a half-hour because I wanted to make sure I was done; I crawled in bed. I was lying there. She turned the light off, and I saw that she was undressing and Me two. She wants to have sex; I was trying, but when I am drinking, it is dead. I found out that night, and I knew that she was disappointed. The next morning came, I was up before her, and I asked myself, "why didn't it work for me last night? It didn't happen to me before." I went to the bathroom and went back to bed with her, and I waited until she was up. hours went past, and I was lying there; I was waiting for her to get up. When she got up, she went on top of me and we did our things before she took me back to the group home.
She drove me to my group home after an amazing weekend we had. She and I were at a group home, and we were going to my room. She put my bag down next to my bedroom door then we went outside. We were holding each other for a long time, she started to cry and I did too. Then she kissed me, and she said to me, "computer tonight and See you on Tuesday night before I go to Alaska." I said, okay, honey, to her. she kissed me again, she went in her car and drove off. I was sitting outside for a long time because I hoped she would come back to kiss me again, but she didn't. I went back into the group home, and I went to my bedroom; it looked like many messes when I left it. I didn't think about it, and then my roommates were coming a lot, then I knew that something was up. I slowly turned my head around because I didn't want them to know that I wanted to look at my safe box and saw my safe box was in a different place, and I left it. I waited for them to leave. They stayed with me for a long time and didn't do that when they left my bedroom. I closed my door and went over to my safe box, and I opened it and found nothing in there. I had jewelry in there and some money there, too; oh, I wasn't a happy person. Then I called the staff to come into my bedroom, and I asked the staff, "Who unlocked my bedroom?" Staff said to me, "It unlocked. Why?`` Then I said to the staff, "You are telling me that my bedroom was open all weekend long." I was so pissed off then I showed my safe box. Staff said to me, "It has nothing in there." I said to the staff, "no, really! I know! Before I left for the weekend, it was full." Staff said to me, "Oh." Then the staff and I heard something hit my bedroom wall, the staff went over to get it, and it was my jewelry box. I was lucky the jewelry was still in there; the staff went out of my bedroom. Staff said, who threw the jewelry box? No one answered and the staff came back into my bedroom. I said to the staff, "I want to call the cops!" staff did call the cop for me, they came, staff and I said to the cop, "A roommate stealing from me." One time one of my roommates stole from me, I was nice, and I let it go the first time, but this time he did it again. I pressed charges, and the police came and took him away in handcuffs. He was away for a few hours. All he got was a slap on the wrist and still lived at the group home with me. I was mad and disappointed by him, and he thought it would be fine. I didn't talk to him that night. I was sick of it, and I want to move out because I am sick of their game, and they are acting like they don't know what they are doing! Then I said to myself, "Maybe, I can move out of here. Kelly and I have been seeing each other a lot, and we can't wait to see each other again. Why not?" Then I remember something, so I went to my email to find a picture she sent to me; I did print it out and put it next to my bed. I was lying there, and I was looking at a picture; I said to myself, "She is so gorgeous! I am a lucky man to have her." then I heard my computer goes off, it was Kelly. We talked about her trip; she saw her parents and talked about us when she comes back from her vacation. We talked every night until Tuesday night, and it was a hard night. She came over to see me, and she did kisses me all over me; I didn't care because I know that she loves me and I love her. she stayed with me for a long time, we didn't try to have sex. We want to hold each other and Eskimo's kiss and kisses, and I had a good feeling when she comes back from vacation. We will be together more, then I looked at her, and I moved up to her mouth. I kiss her by myself, and it is very hard for me to kiss somebody because I don't have good control over my mouth. I have been working few weeks; I have been watching videos. How to kiss when I did it. She was shocked and amazed at what I did, she started to cry a little, but she holds it in. she said to me, "it is an amazing kiss you got! Thank you for my real kiss." I think that she knew it was hard to do the kiss, then she said to me, "I'm sorry, but I have to go to get ready for tomorrow morning. Computer night." We went to her car, and I kissed her again, again and again. She started to cry, and she hugs, kisses, and Eskimo kisses me; she goes into the car. She looked at me, she came out of her car, then kissed me, held me, hugged me, and Eskimo kissed me. She did that six times, and then she drove off. I felt she was my girlfriend. I felt sad, but I said to myself, "It is only ten days until I see her again." I went back to the group home; everyone was looking at me, and they said nothing. I was waiting for Kelly to come on the computer, she came on the computer, and we talked until she had to go to the airport. She texted me every time she got a layover. We talked every day, and she told me what she did that day and what she ate. I felt good because we talked every day three times a day, and I went to buy something for Kelly. I put it in my big safe, and the next day came. It was the fifth day; I texted her Good morning. I went to the workshop; I looked at my phone and no messages. I said to myself, "It is vacation." So, I left her alone on the sixth day but we never miss a day's messages to each other. So, I went to bed, and I said to myself, “I miss Kelly.” Then I went to sleep. It was early in the morning and I was sleeping, but I heard my phone go off; it was Kelly. I had a lot of messages, "I'm sorry, I was busy, party and I am moving to Alaska." I looked at my phone, and I said to myself, "move to Alaska?" So, I messaged her, "what do you mean that you are moving to Alaska?" She wrote back to me, "I told you that I want to move out of New York." I wrote her back, "yes, you did, but what is happening with us?" She wrote back, "It isn't anything going between us! I am moving." I left her alone because she was a different and cold person. I was upset and hurt, and I felt empty now. I went out of my bedroom, and I went to the bathroom. I closed the door behind me, I looked at the mirror, and I said to myself, "what happened? 6 days ago, we were hugging, holding, and kissing. Plus, we were together every weekend and Wednesday too! Something is up because I don't understand it." I went to use the bathroom before I left. I was going back to my bedroom, and the staff asked me, "Is everything okay?" I said yep to the staff. I went to my bedroom and closed my door; I checked my phone. If she wrote to me and I was hoping that she was playing a joke, she wouldn't write to me that night. I went to the workshop, and I went over to see Pat; I showed her what Kelly wrote me last night. She said to me, "No way, it isn't the truth because you and she are together every weekend!" I said to her, ``I know, I know." Then I showed her the messages from her mom, she was so scared and asked me to help her daughter. My heart felt like it was crushed by trucks and It won't stop. She asked me, "what are you doing about it?" I said to her, "I am going to leave her alone, and I might write a letter to her. I hope that It would change her mind because I love her." she said to me, "It is a good idea." That night, I started to write a letter plus she messages me a lot, and she was so scared, and I was too because I don't want to lose a girl that I am crazy about. I worked on the letter for days, I was told about how we met, a trip to the mall, talking over the computer, the first time I came to see me, I met your parents and met my grandparent, called you an asshole, and you loved it and the times we were together. Each one, I explain how I feel, and I told her that I want her in my life. When I got the end of the letter, I told her this, "I understand that you want to try new things. I was hoping that we are together forever because I care about you a lot. Plus, I bought a movie for her because I want to show her how much I care. Then I messaged her mom to see if I could go to the airport with her, she said yes to me. Then I asked her about flowers for her daughter, and she said to me, "She will like that, and I will get you Monday morning." I said OK to her, and then I thought that I need to go out to get drunk this weekend before Kelly comes home on Monday. So, I texted my friend Bill to see what he is doing over the weekend, he answered me, and he said to me, "I am free on Saturday night." So, we went out, and we saw all our friends; I ran to my ex-girlfriend. She said to me, "I don't hate you, but I wished that we could talk first. Oh, yeah. Here is my new boyfriend." I met him, and I said to myself, "I saw him before! That night I got booby in my face." I told him, "Glad to meet you." Then I went to the side of the dance floor and sat there; I thought about Kelly. She sent a message saying that "There isn't anything going on between us!" That was the most hurried thing in the world! Then I went off in my head, "I understand if we slept together one time or second or third times, we did every weekend and sometimes weekdays. It isn't a fork booty call!" Then Bill came over to give me a drink; well, I drank a hold thing. He asked me if I want more; I said to him, "Oh yes, please." Then the bouncer came to see me and asked me, "where is your gorgeous girl you got." I said to the bouncer and Bill, "She is screwing someone in beautiful Alaska, and she is moving there! I asked her about us, and she said to me, "There isn't anything going on between us!" It is bs." Then I had to stop because I was starting to cry, but I didn't; the bouncer took Bill and me to a different side of the bar. I sat there and talked, people tried to see me, but other bouncers stopped them from coming over to see me. Then I said to the different bouncer, "Thank you for stopping them but if it is their hot girl who wants to see me, please help her because I am all alone." The bouncers laughed, but they knew that I was hurting inside of me, and I was. We did hang out there all night long; the bouncer asked me, "How many times have you been with her?" I said to him, "I didn't see her for a month when I met her, but we were talking every day. Then we started to see each other for weeks, and then I was sleeping over her." Then the bouncer said to me, "what do you mean "sleeping over" I need more information." I looked at Bill and the bouncer then I said to them, "Well, I'm not talking about food here, but We have bananas and girls have ice cream. It comes together; it is coming with a nice banana split. I had a lot of them." The bouncers were laughing so hard, and they were crying. Then the girl came up next to me, and she saw my display screen; it had a word of banana split on it. So, she said to me, "Oh, you want the banana split. I'm sorry they don't have any here." Then Bill and the bouncers turned around and started laughing, and they were sitting on the floor because they laughed too hard. Then I said to her, "that is OK, I didn't want it now. but Hi, I am Mr. right. someone said you were looking for me.`` She laughed, then she asked me to come to the dance floor with her, so I did, but I didn't ask her number because I was hoping that Kelly was joking. Bill drove me back to the group home, and he said I'm sorry to me, and I know that you love her. Then he asked me, "really she said, "It isn't anything going between us!" I showed him my phone, and then he started to say the b-word. I told him, "She isn't, but I don't understand it.
On Sunday, Kelly messages me, but It wasn’t anything before. It said, “Hi, how are you doing?” I did answer her question, but there wasn't anything to say. On Monday, her mom came to get me, and I was scared, but we went to the airport. Her mother and I went to the airport to get Kelly, and I had a pink flower for Kelly because I know she loves pink. We waited 15 minutes when I thought about going back to her place and holding her, and then I saw Kelly; she was tired and hungry. She had a long trip coming home, and she had to drive and fly to a few cities so when we saw her. she looked like she was dead tired, but she had a smile on her face, and she saw the flowers I got for her, she said Thank you Todd, and I am hungry. We went to the restaurant to eat breakfast; she did feed me, but I didn’t take my eyes off her. She was a little space out because she had a long trip. Her mother said, “We are going to take Todd home, then take you home so you can sleep.” Kelly said, “OK.” I was shocked because I thought she would say that no, I would like him to go to my apartment, plus I took a day off from shop work, but she didn’t say anything, and I thought she wanted to cuddle all day and night. I stayed up last night because I know she wanted to sleep so I can sleep comfortably next to her, then we can talk, but my plan isn’t working. When we were done with our breakfast, I told her, I have a letter for you. You can read it when we are going to my place; I watched her read it. It tells her how I feel about her, and I feel like a real person to her and I felt it was a mistake to move to Alaska. When she was done with a letter, she said nothing. When we were at my place, she helped me to get to my bedroom, and she said to me, “I’m sorry, Todd.” She went to the car then they went away. The outside was nice, and I told the staff I am going to ride around town. She said, “OK, are you OK?” I said to her, “yes.” I went to a place no one knows about. When I got there, I started to cry for hours. I don’t know what happened, and I thought Kelly was happy with me; I knew it was 26 weeks to know her and talk about everything. Then my phone rang with Kelly. She said, “Hi, Todd. I reread your letter, and I am still going to Alaska. I’m sorry.” I read what she texted me, and I didn’t answer quickly. I should think of it because I am hurt. Then something happened to me, and I laughed; I had three beautiful butterflies sitting on me. I couldn’t move for a long time, and I thought of Kelly because she loves butterflies, so I watched them and cried. I waited when they left; I texted Kelly back, “Hi, why?” she wrote back, “Todd, you know that I know I moved around.” I wrote back to her, “I thought we had something here.” She wrote back, “Please do not now because I am tired.” I said, “Oh, you are tired! I am tired too because I stayed up last night so we can cuddle and go to sleep.” She said, “I’m sorry, Todd. Can we talk later?” I said sure to her because I know she was tired, and her mother texted me too. Her mother was scared because her daughter is moving to Alaska! I felt empty and hurt because I am losing a girl whom I love in the world. I know that I met her on Valentine’s weekend, but now it is June, and she wanted to leave in August. Last four months, I had a girl who wanted me every weekend and her days off. Now She is trying to push me away. Now I am thinking a lot of things, is she pregnant? She wants to leave a.s.a.p. Might she meet a guy? Maybe finding someone is better than giving her sex. I don’t know what she is thinking, and I am worried about her. I went back home, put my happy face on and thought about the good time I had with her, but I don’t understand why She has to move in 2 months. So, I left her alone because I hoped she would text me; she did in 2 days. Read her text, “Thank you for my flowers, and we have to talk.” I text her back, “you’re welcome. When do you want to talk?” She wrote back, “tomorrow afternoon in the park between our workplace.” I wrote to her, “Sure.” When I was done texting with Kelly, it was hard because we were together for over four months, and we had fun, but now I feel like she was a different person. I know something happened in Alaska because when I saw her at the airport, she did hug me, but no kiss from her, and I was crushed by it because I was in Florida; I wanted to come back to see her because I care about her and I miss her. I thought we had something, but I guess We didn’t, and she didn’t miss me. I can’t worry about it right now because I will see her tomorrow and I am hoping that she was playing with me and maybe she wanted to get ready before I come over to her place because she missed me so much. She didn’t want me to know that; I went on my computer to try don’t think about it. I was emailing my old school because when I was 13-year-old, my teacher wanted to put me in the prom meeting. After all, I had a good idea, and they wanted me to do it for years to come. I did it for eight years to help them set up when I was in school. When I was a Graduate, they asked me to come back to help, and I did for 13 years more. It isn’t the same anymore; it was an anniversary because I can see my old friends. It will be my 26th year to go to the prom, it was to be the last time I was going to it, plus I thought it would be nice to take someone I care about before I left Florida. I asked Kelly to go with me to the prom because over the years, I had three dates for the prom, so we talked about it. I told her what I would like to do. We are going to the prom for a little while, then go to the bar we met and go back to your for then she stopped me. She said to me, “ We are going back to my place for a nightcap.” I said to her, “If you want to.” Then she said to me, “I would love to go with you.” I smiled at her. Then she left for Alaska, and it gave me news about moving to Alaska. I was worrying that she wasn’t going to prom with me because she has too much to do for Alaska. One day, she texted me, and it said, “I’m sorry, I've been so busy with my stuff. I want to meet you at the park before I go to work. Can you meet me tomorrow at 2 o’clock?” I said sure to her, so I went to the park like she asked me to. When I got there, I waited for her to come. She came, and she sat next to me without a kiss and no hug from her!  Now I am starting to worry, but I kept my happy face on and listened to her. I knew that now nothing I could do for her to stay here because I want her to be happy, so I’m not happy with it. She did bring a few presents from Alaska. I was happy to see her, but I was hurting inside. I didn’t want her to know that. But she kept her promise. She went to the prom with me, but I don’t feel we aren’t a couple anymore; I was upset and hurt because I thought we had something, but we danced and ate some food because I thought we were going out after the prom. That was the plan. Still, we didn’t because she was thinking about Alaska. The group home came to get my power wheelchair so they could take it back to the group home. I was sitting in her car; it was the first time I didn’t open the door for her because I don’t know her anymore. We did go back to her place. She wants to change into comfortable clothes; she wasn’t comfortable changing in front of me. I thought it was shocking because I saw her naked before but she's a thing now, I guess. She went to the bathroom when she was in the bathroom changing. I know it was the last time I am going to be here. I looked around, and it made me sad because I thought I had something here with her, and She didn't know that I broke up with my girlfriend for her. Many of my friends said that I am dumb to break up with my girlfriend; they wanted me to keep both of them. I couldn’t because I was falling in love with Kelly, more than my girlfriend; when she went out to the bathroom, we went to bed together, and she wore clothes for the first time for sleeping with me. I was sad because I was hoping I had a real prom with real people, but it didn’t happen for me. She was lying next to me; I turned my head to look at her, but she turned her back on me. So, I called her bitch in my head, plus I wanted to cry, but I didn’t because She doesn’t care anymore about me, always cuddling together. I lay in bed next to her; I was hot, so I took everything off, then she turned around and asked me, “what are you doing?” I said to her that I was hot! She saw I was naked next to her; she wasn’t happy with me, but I didn't care because I was hot, and at this point, I knew now I lost the girl that I love. So, I didn’t go to sleep all night because I was thinking about it. I met her, and we grew together, and now I got shit from her when she came from Alaska. It hit me that it was why she didn’t want to say love you because she knew that she was leaving me and she had a guy waiting for her in Alaska. The morning came, she got up and went to take a shower. I am lying still on the bed, she came out naked, I saw everything, and She is so beautiful when she came out of the shower, plus I was getting my hopes up. Maybe She had a bad day yesterday so that she might come back to bed with me. So, she didn’t, she got the dress, so I talked about a new program I tried getting myself. I wanted to move out of the group home. She stopped what she was doing and looked at me and said to me, “You won’t make it because you need help.” I said nothing to her because I know that all she wants now is pushing me away, so it is easy for her to leave for Alaska, and I know she met someone there. So, she drove me to the group home, and we didn’t talk when we were going there. I was talking to myself, and I broke my heart when I got there. People knew I wasn’t a happy person before she went. She said to me, “I will stop by before I leave for Alaska.” I said OK to her. I tried to text her and I went to see her but she was too busy, her mother wanted me to stop her leaving, and I tried, and It isn’t my business anymore. I love her with all my heart, and I know that I get a feeling for her when I am with her. Anyway, she did stop by to see me before she left. I had something for her under my bed, when I saw her that day and last time, I will see her. I said to myself, “I’m not giving her the thing I bought for her.” It was very hard to do. She left, then I went under my bed to get a box and put it in my safe. It hurt me so much; I kept doing my business, I wanted to get out of the group home, and she told me that I couldn’t. That made me fire up more, and she doesn’t believe in me. So, I kept working on my gold, move out of the group home. 
Then Jennifer put her arms around me, and she said to me, "I'm sorry, Todd, I thought that she and you were in a good relationship." I said to her, "I thought too because we wanted each other. It was February to May; I don't know anymore because on the fifth day in Alaska, she wanted to move there, and I was nothing to her." She said to me, "I know, I know Todd, we wrote a lot about her, and when we wrote about the last chapter, we wrote. I felt that she used you until Alaska because maybe she met someone before you and he was going to Alaska first, then she was visiting there first to see if she liked it." I said to her, "maybe you are right, but if they were in a relationship. She cheated on him for months. Do you remember that phone call at night?" She said to me, "yes, I do. Do you think that it was him?" I said to her, "Yes, I do because if someone wants to move somewhere, do you want to move alone or with somebody?" Then she said to me, "with somebody. Wow, Todd. I didn't think that." I said to her, "my parents moved down to Florida with a couple they knew up in New York; I want to say about 85% of the time are good friends, 10% are in a relationship, and 5% are in a new job. So, I have to say 95% is someone, but I'm not mad at her." She said to me, "You aren't; why?" I said to her, "because I am looking at a different way." Then she said to me, "how?" I said to myself, "I have good memories of her before Alaska, and I know she was pushing me away, so it is easy to move to Alaska. She thought that I was dumb; I'm not because I had feeling something is up, and I was hoping that I was wrong, but I don't want to change it because she was my dream girl, and I always remember her." She said to me, "WOW! You are amazing." I said to her, "Wait, it isn't the best part yet!" Then she said to me, "WHAT?" I said to her, "It might shock you what she said to me, but you have to wait for a few chapters." Then she said to me, "Let's go!" She put her hands back on the laptop; I was sad and depressed because I felt lost. I thought that I don't have something to look forward to because no more Kelly and I are living at the group home. One day, the Assistant manager at the group home gave me contact information about a self-determination program. She said to me, "maybe, it will help you, but I can't help you." So, I asked the staff member, Chris, if she could help me with the paperwork. After getting permission to use the fax and copy machines in the manager's office, we started all the required paperwork. I had a lot of meetings, and people thought I was crazy. My heart is telling me that it is the right thing to do because I know that I can do it, well, I was in Florida, and I got approved to live on my own. I was so happy because it took 14 months to get approved; I started planning to move to my apartment. There were still roadblocks. I had to prove myself in several ways.  The agency wanted me to prove to them that I could make it on my own. One of the first tests was staying by myself in one of their assisted living apartments. Well, it was literally in the center of cow country! It was the last place in the world that I would pick to live. I thought it was dumb and not right because I couldn't ride around and I couldn't see my friends, but I stuck it out for two days proving that I could evacuate in case of a fire and take care of myself. When I did that, now it was time to find an apartment. It had to be on the first floor with wide enough doorways for my chair. It also had to have low windows so I could get out in case of a fire. It also had to be something that I could afford.  I did not own a vehicle yet, so I wanted to be in an area where I could go out into the community and socialize. After a few months, I found an apartment in a complex, and I didn't go around looking for apartments. Dirtbag found it, and he said it was the only one I could find; I took the apartment because I don't want to wait to find another apartment. Plus, he has put it last. It took a few months before I could move in because there were papers to do yet, then the therapist evaluated me; it took 3 or 4 months because it cost too much. They evaluated me for about $5000. After all, I need some hand bars, and I need a special plug-in in the bathroom. The state moved slowly, and now I need to wait months. When they were done with that, then the next step was finding people to help me move. Chris's boyfriend had a truck and trailer that he used to haul his son's race car. The finest sight was on April eleventh, 2006. I've ever seen that truck and trailer pulling in the driveway of the group home. The looks on the faces of the staff when they saw the trailer and all the people that were there to help me, well what can I say, it was priceless!! Once I was settled in, I had staff, but not all of them worked out. Chris would sit in on job interviews and help me do background checks. Many of the applicants talked to Chris and not to me. Even when Chris encouraged them to communicate with me, they still addressed her. These people were not hired because of this, but I had a staff that I liked a lot, and she was always helpful and kind to me. Well, the higher-ups thought she was getting too close and fired her for being unprofessional. I did hire her because she was a good person to me. I know that she will help me have more independence because living independently was a dream come true for me. I enjoyed my freedom and alone time. When I moved from the group home, I took two weeks off from the workshop. So, I lived in the apartment with no one telling me what I have to do. I had staff come to help me feed, clean my apartment, and take me out where I would like to go. I was a happy person, then I thought about the workshop. I went to my computer, and I wrote to my care coordinator; I told her that I am done going to a workshop. She doesn't like that, and she tried to tell me to keep going there, and I said no. I feel a lot better, no more headache and no more knob! A few staff from the group home wanted to do a bye party for me, we did that, but it went a little crazy. I guess someone told their boss. They got in trouble, and then I had to talk to HR; they came to my apartment to talk to me. Next week, my care coordinator was fired because I didn't have any friends in the company I was in. I kept messages from them, but they didn't answer back because of their job. I was sick of their games, and I felt like I got harassed and didn't go forward with it because of their rule.  Plus, my care coordinator didn't back me up, so I thought it was best to fire her, and it was because no more shit from them. I don't need 24/7 care because I don't need it, so I have alone time. I am busy because I have computer work to do, play games, and be nice outside. I like to ride around in town, and I don't have to tell somebody where I am going. When it was nighttime, a couple of bars were only a few miles away, and I loved going to them and making many friends. The only problem was that I couldn't get out as much as I wanted when the weather was bad. My next "impossible dream" was to own a vehicle. It took over a year to find a van that I could afford and could be modified to fit a ramp for my wheelchair. This gave me the means to travel with my motorized chair anywhere I wanted year-round. I was so lucky to have all circles of support, and Kelly's mom helped me a lot over the years. She helped me when I was down staff, so She would come over to feed me. She bought a new floor for my apartment, and she would come to my circle of support meetings. When It was Mother's Day, I would text her happy Mother's Day. I lived in an apartment for three years now, and I found awesome people who worked with me, and few people stayed around. Like someone, then Jennifer said, hey, to me. I was laughing, then she said to me, "who is here now, Mr. in the snowstorm?" I said to her, you are! '' Thank you." Then she said to me, "I don't smell the lasagna! I said to her, "Did you turn the oven on?" She started to laugh and said no to me." now I have to move from a comfortable spot, she said to me, "Oh Todd. You are going to be fine." I jumped to the floor, then ran to the kitchen, and heard her say the oven wasn't on. She did turn the oven on, then she walked out of the kitchen, then I looked at her, I smacked my head at her, and I was laughing. She said what, never in a joking way. She went to the bay window to look outside, and she said to me, "it is all white outside and still snowing." I crawled up the couch, so I was next to her, and we were watching the snowfall. Then we sat down on the couch, and we kissed; she got a little closer to me. she said to me, "I'm sorry for forgetting to turn the oven on." I said to her, "it is OK because everyone forgets sometimes." Then she said to me, "I think that it takes a lot to get you mad." I said to her, "sometimes, it is small stuff. I am laughing about it because nothing I can do is about it, but when Kelly said to me, "nothing is going on between us." I was mad but more hurtful because I thought that I had a girl who wanted me, and I thought she loved me. I guess I was wrong, but in my heart is telling me something, don't stop thinking about her. When I meet a nice girl, I hope to forget a few things because if I found someone better than her, I know that Kelly is always in my heart. She said to me, "I know what you are going through because of my few exes; I can remember it yesterday because it meant a lot to me. I think that Kelly meant a lot to you and think it is good we are writing about it. maybe it will help you." I said to her, "maybe it will, and I am hoping that one day people want to read my book." She said to me, "they will, but They might don't like it because you are putting everything in the book. Yes, you had a sex life, and you want to tell everyone about it because you feel that people think that disability has no feeling, but they are wrong!" I said to her, "Thank you for understanding me."
Then Jennifer went to the kitchen to check the oven, and she said to me, "It isn't staying on for me." I jumped off the couch then went in my power wheelchair to go into the kitchen. I said to her, "Are you pushing the start button?" she said to me, "Oh, I didn't." I showed her it was." Then I smiled at her, and she said to me, "I know Todd. You don't have to tell me." I said to her, "what?" in a joking way. We went back to the living room, and she jumped on the couch; she said to me, "I am dying to know what happens with Kelly." She got the laptop put on her lap. I looked at her, and I was in my apartment. It was in the morning; it was Kelly's mom. She always checked in if I needed anything; I said to her that I was fine or had a question. She will be always trying to help me, and then she told me that Kelly was coming home for a few weeks, and I know she was excited to see her daughter, and I was too. Then I started to remember old-time, I missed her so much. Anyway, a few weeks went by. I got the text, looked at my phone, and saw Kelly on my phone screen. I opened her text message, it said, "Hi, Todd. It is Kelly. I am in town for a few weeks, and I would like to see you and your place." I laughed because I saved her number, but I did text her back, "Hi, Kelly. It is a long time to hear from you, but you know that you are always welcome to my place." She wrote back, "Oh Todd, you always gave me a smile, and I will text you when I have time to see you." I wrote her back OK to her; I know we didn't talk for years, but I was done texting; I went to my bedroom at the apartment. I went to my safe and opened it; I took out the small box. I opened it and looked at it. I bought it when Kelly went to dumb Alaska, and I didn't give it to her because she was moving to Alaska; I knew she loves butterfly things stuff, so I bought her promise ring, and it has butterfly around it. I did put it back in my safe, then I looked around at my apartment and said to myself if She didn't move to Alaska, would we be together or live together and have a child. I think that a lot but It isn't happening, and I don't know why because we were together every weekend. I heard a knot at my door; it was my staff for dinnertime. I was happy because I wanted to stop thinking about Kelly if we were together. A few days went by, and I was busy with my staff. I got a text from Kelly; she asked me, "Is it OK to come tomorrow to see me." I said sure to her. She wrote back to me, "OK, See you tomorrow." I said, `` See you tomorrow." It was so hard to text her, and I have the same feeling for her because I didn't let it go. So that night I asked my staff to clean my place. They did, and it was a long night for me. The next day came, and I didn't know what time she was coming, but I knew it would be in the afternoon because She likes to sleep. I was sitting around for her; I don't care because I was waiting for it to happen. I saw a car, and it was a different car, it was Kelly. I looked at her, and I heard my heartbeat going. She looked the same and was always beautiful. She has the book with her. She said Hi, Todd. I said Hi, to her back. I was sitting on the floor; she came up to me and hugged me. Oh my God, I missed her, but I didn't say it. I was checking her out when she was looking around my place. She said to me, "I thought wrong about you, I thought you were crazy, and I didn't think you made it. I am so happy for you because you didn't stop what you wanted." I said back to her, "everyone thought it was crazy, but everyone has dreams! I'm not done with a dream. You did your dream, went to Alaska." She smiled at me, and then she asked me if I wanted to look at her pictures. I said sure, and she got her book. It has many pictures in there; I was looking at her pictures because I want to know if she did, she has a kid or got married. Hey, she went off to Alaska. I want to get answers; she was telling me about everything in Alaska. When she talked to me, I was listening, and I was thinking about taking her to my bedroom and putting her on my bed like old times, but I turned in listening to Kelly. We hung out for a few hours, and then She had to go. I was sad, but I was happy to see her again. She hugged me, and she said to me that She is coming to my circle of support meeting next week. I said OK to her. She said GOODBYE to me and See you next week for your circle of support meeting. I said OK to her and Saw you. I walked out with her going to her car, she hugged me again, and I saw people were upstairs. I said Oh damn, to myself, because I know they will ask me about a hot girl with me. When Kelly left, I was right. People asked me who was a hot girl last weekend. I said to them, Oh, her, and She was an old friend who moved to Alaska. They said that was the Alaska girl you are crazy about, and I said yes, that was her, then they said to me. Wow, Todd, I can see now why you are crazy about her. I said to them, Thank you, but I need to take a cold shower.'' They laughed. I went back to my apartment, and then I asked myself. Why? I was thinking about taking her and putting it on my bed. I was talking to myself, and I can't, I can't, I can't because I didn't see her for over a year. I went in the shower; I heard my phone going off. I jump out of the shower, and I am so wet. I went to the bedroom to get my phone. It was from Kelly. She said, "I am glad to stop by to see you." I wanted to say to her, do you want to see me, honey? '' Then I said no to myself, so I texted her, "I am so happy to see you again, and I like your pictures." Then she wrote back, "I know you were." I went back to my shower, and I was singing in the shower. When I was done with my shower, I went to my office then went on my computer, but I was thinking about Kelly. A few days went by, and I didn't try to text Kelly. After all, I want Kelly to text me first because I want to see where it is going here. Maybe She is moving back here, or it is a vacation to see her parents. I love her parents so much because they are caring for people. Anyways, one day, it is nice outside, so I was thinking of going riding around town. I did, but I went to Kelly's parent's house. I don't know why but it took me about 40 minutes to get there, but I did and saw Kelly's car. A few minutes went by, and I looked in her car, and I was hoping someone saw me. They didn't, so I was starting to go home when I heard my name. Todd, Todd, I stopped and looked behind me. Kelly was walking to try to get me, so I turned around, so I was in front of her. She said, ``How did you get here?'' I said my power wheelchair. Then she said to me, I am glad you came because I was thinking about you. I smiled at her. Her parents came outside to talk to me. We talked a little while talking about old-time, and I felt she went on a long vacation. Then I met her sister, she was beautiful too, but I was there to see Kelly. We talked for a little bit, and I saw my power wheelchair is dying because I didn't charge last night. Before I left her parent's place, Kelly hugged me. Then I went off to my place, I was happy because I saw Kelly, but I was so scared too because I thought I didn't think I would make it to my place. I knew my power wheelchair was moving slower every minute. I was so lucky because it died when I turned on my street, and I saw the rain coming too; I am lucky to have good friends around my place. They saw me sitting there; they pushed my power wheelchair back home and me. I was thankful to them, and I know that I have to charge it plus, I know I need a new battery because I know it is dying faster. When I got into my apartment, I plugged my power wheelchair and texted Kelly to tell her that I made it home. She texted me back, and she said, "Thank you for telling me that you are home." I didn't answer her back, but I would like to do it because I felt something was off by her; I tried not to think about it. A few days went by, and today is a meeting day. At 6 o'clock, I met with two people at my program, then 7 o'clock was the circle of support meeting. I was in my computer room at my apartment with two people, and we were talking about stuff. Then I saw Kelly's mom and her daughter, and they walked in as we were. Then Kelly turned on me, and she said to me, "I need you to do a better job with your staff! I want you to stop asking my mother to do things for you." Then they walked out, and her mom turned her head and said to me, ``I'm sorry." I was in shock about what happened, and I saw they left my apartment. Then 7 o'clock came and a circle of support meeting time; I was space what happened, but I had forgotten what happened. It isn't good because a person from the state was there and I'm not crazy about her, and I told her that I found a mistake in my budget. I showed her what a mistake is. Then she whipped the paper up, then she said to us, "Too bad now." I looked at my broker and smiled at her because I made a few copies of it. I asked a person from the state, "Who is your boss?" She said I am to us; then she left my place. When she left, my broker went in back of me to get a paper; I said to everyone, "it is OK because she got only a copy of it. I have a real one." They were shocked at what happened, but I thought that it was something like harassment or something. When the meeting was done, everyone went home. I checked my phone, and I got a message from Kelly. It said it was a mistake to meet you. I felt sorry for you. I wished that never. Let's be in my life!" I don't remember what I said to her or I didn't answer her back, but I said to myself, "Oh Well, it was a mistake. I guess four beautiful months was a mistake. Yeah, right sure, I knew she was still pushing me away because in her cold heart was caring for Kelly, and I am hoping she will find it again." That night it was the last time I talked to her.
Then Jennifer looked up from the laptop, and she saw me; I was whipping my face off; she said to me, “are you crying.” Then she put the laptop down on the floor, and she got up from the couch, and she walked over where I was, then she said to me, “I know it is hard for you.” She gave me a long hug and kiss. Then she said to me, “She was lying to you because I know that it wasn’t a mistake because it was something there if she felt sorry for you. She could take you out somewhere or take you to her place for little fun like a booty call, but she didn’t because? I don’t know, and I hear your side of the story, but you were staying over there every weekend for about a little more than two months, right? and did you ask her to come to get you?” I said to her, “Yep, in two months we made plans to see each other as friends and relationship does.” Then she said to me, “I have a question, and I don’t want you to get upset or mad at me.” I said OK to her. She said to me, “You have to see at it in my way because I helped you with amazing stories and I think that it is amazing but did you pay her to have sex with you?” I said to her, “badly, some people have to buy it, and I think that's sick because there is no Art in there and no I didn’t pay for it. Did I pay you to wrestle with me?” She said to me, “no Todd.” I said to her, “why?” Then she said to me, “We are good friends, and I thought it fun.” I said to her, “It was fun. I have a question; before the cop came, I knew that you were starting to take your shirt off; why?” She said to me, “because I thought that it was the right moment to do it.” I said to her, “yes, it was. Did I ask you to do it?” She said to me, “no, Todd! These two people have a special moment.” I said to her, “That is Art to me!” she said to me, “I am in shock at what she did to you.” I said to her, “We are talking here, and we are guessing here, but maybe we went too far, and we didn’t think about our feelings. I don’t know anymore because she did push me away like a.s.a.p. I think because when she was on her trip, her man or friend told her that she could do better then she started putting me away.” Then she asked me, “say, if she didn’t go on her trip, do you think that you and Kelly would still be together?” I said to her, “I believe so because we were talking every night, and I went over to her place when she had days off plus, we were getting it on. Do you know what I mean?” She said to me, “yes, I do. Hey, I have a question. Did she know that you got her promise ring?” Well, a few nights ago after that meeting I had. It was Saturday night, and it was comfortable weather; I could ride around. I know that bar has many people on Saturday night, so I asked my staff to get me ready for the night because I am going out by myself. The staff did what I asked. Put my special cup in a bag, put deodorant on me, and do my hair for me, then the staff left for the night. When they left me for the night, I had a few hours before I went. I was looking at my safe; I was thinking about a promise ring I got for bitch. She did hurt me very badly; I took the box out of my safe and opened the box up. I looked at the ring, and I said to myself, “She has no idea what she is missing.” I took the ring out of the box and put it in the trash. Then I got the ring in hand; I went to the bathroom and looked at the toilet for a long time. I said to myself, “nope, it is too easy to do.” I put the ring on the floor then went to the bathroom when I was done using the bathroom. I got the ring back in my hand. I crawled to my power wheelchair, and I jumped in it, then I put the ring in between my legs. I was leaving my apartment, and it was locked up; I turned my power wheelchair high, and I started to go. The bar is 4 miles away from my apartment. I had a 40-minute ride when I was driving my power wheelchair. I was singing in my head, “Oh, Kelly was my dream girl. Oh yeah, Oh yeah. Then she went on her trip. Oh yeah, oh yeah, she got home, she got something up her behind then she came real bitch Oh yeah, yeah. I said it over, over, and over again. When I got to the bar, there were a lot of people there. The bouncer is working there, and he knew me because when I moved into the apartment. I had to find a new place for myself plus, the bar where I met Kelly. It was closed up for years, so I found a different bar, and the bouncer and I came to a friend and made sure I was getting what I needed. I didn’t ask people to help me because they weren't there to help me, but the bouncer came to me and asked me. if I need anything and anyway, I said no and Thank you.  A few nights ago, I had a staff member. I guess he was watching me to see how I drink, or He might ask my staff how to give him a drink. Anyway, I was there myself, and the bouncer said, Todd, is here! Everyone went around me. the bouncer came up to me, and he got a drink in his hand; he said to me, “OK, where is your glass?” I looked at him, and I said huh to him. He said to me, “OK, Todd. I know that I’m not here to watch, and I’m not baby you. I want to help my friend out.” I looked at him, and I said to him, “in my bag.” He gave me a drink, and I was wearing little. The girls were around me, and they were talking to me, and I was talking to them; I took my hand between my legs to get the ring, and I made sure I bopped it on the floor. Then I told them that you would find the ring on the floor and it is yours. Girls were looking for it, and the bouncer came up to me. He was giving me another drink, and he said to me, “You are Mr. player! I saw what you did.” Then a girl found it, and she was happy. I stayed there when the bar was closed and then rode back home. Then she said to me, “why did you do that?” I said to her, “I don’t know Jennifer, I wanted the ring out of my safe because it was her and I don’t want to look at it anymore but some months are bad for me. I still have a picture of it before she moved. It helped me to remember what I had because it made me smile, but I am thinking of deleting all the chapters we wrote.” She said to me, “why? Todd! It is good for your stories to tell. Please don’t!” I said to her, “I will think about it because I know that she can be a bitch to me, and I don’t want to hear her saying why you write about me, then she can say this, I made up the stories about me. Today, she can say to me or everyone that I made her have sex with me. Do you remember the night of prom?” she said to me, “yes, I do. Todd.” I said to her, “Honest, I was dying to have my banana split.  I should have gone up to her and sat on top of her and done it, but there is ONE little problem.” She said to me, “she can run away, and I can’t go on top of her. She didn’t run away from me, and she came to get me at the group home, and if she was uncomfortable or I am the controller, all she can do is. Call my group home, and she can say anything to them, but she doesn't. now she will say she can’t because she was afraid that I would kill her. I’m sorry, I am continuing to go on this because I want you to know that I’m not a guy who hurt any people, but they did hurt me. Is it OK? That is why I don’t want to have a relationship because of that.” she said to me, “wow, Todd! I have one more question for you.” I said to her, “what is it?” she said to me, “One day, Kelly texted you, she said I’m sorry to you. What do you do?” I said to her, “Well, it is hard to answer because I still love her; yes, we had a lot of memories. It was a lot of good and some bad too, I will answer her, but she is still a bitch. I won’t because I don’t need it in my life. That is why I am telling you all stories about me and everyone I care about because who knows what next minute comes? I want people to know what I was. Then she said to me, “honestly, I do understand where you are coming from, and I don’t want to be mean to you, but Kelly can say all things about you because she has the right to do it. I have a question, what is her ready name? Now you have 1,000,000 girls who want to be your Kelly. I think that you are safe from bitch.” I said to her, “I will drink that.” We went to the kitchen to get a few drinks, then she said to me, “Do you remember the time we went to the park because it was a hot day and you had only your sock, shoes, and shorts on and I have two shirts on, shorts and shoes. You wanted to go shopping, but we forgot your shirt. I was sweating from our walk, and I put you in the van, then I went in the back of the van and took my one shirt off. Then I threw a shirt to you, and then you said it is all wet and it is small. We started laughing, and we couldn’t stop; then I helped you put a small shirt on. I was laughing so hard that I needed to go to the bathroom. You were playing like a gay guy! Then you went into the store, oh my God, you played it so well.” I said to her, “that day was awesome because we had fun.” We went back to the living room, and we looked at each other. Then Martha jumps on the couch, she is going to see Jennifer, but she has the little ball in her mouth. I told Jennifer to throw it, she did that, and Martha ran off the couch, and she is playing with it. When she got it in her mouth, she went back to Jennifer because she wanted her to throw it again. I love to watch Martha play because I know that she is happy. Then Jennifer said to me, “Are you ready to cuddle again?” I said to her, “yes, I am.” I was lying on top of her again, and she put a blanket over us; she got the laptop.
I have now been living in my apartment for four years. It’s crazy to think it’s been such a long time now since being in the group home. It’s also even more satisfying knowing I’m doing so well and proving everyone wrong. No one thought I was going to make it here. The majority of people said to me that I am probably going back to the group home. Of course, I didn’t listen to them. I was tired of people saying that I couldn't do this and that. I didn’t tell anyone besides my close family that I had been working on my next dream. Buying my own house; I knew this was going to be the hardest yet rewarding thing I could do for myself. I had heard of some programs for a first-time homebuyer. I had heard that they held classes I could attend in order to learn more about buying a home. Also, the other plus was that you could possibly get a grant for your first time buying a house. That money would have helped me tremendously. It was going to be free money, so why wouldn’t I do it? But when we had to check my credit history. Things took a downward spiral for me because I had a problem that I was not even aware of and kind of forgot about but I gave my brother my credit card so I had a bill that had not been paid. It was from my brother; years ago when I moved into the group home. It wasn’t a month yet; I was at a workshop doing my program for the day. They had the garage door open because it was a hot day, they didn’t have a/c workshop area but their offices and lunchroom did. I was sitting in the workshop area when I saw my brother was coming; I went outside to meet him. He said Hi, to me, then he asked if he could use my credit card because he wanted to buy a van for his family so he has transportation; I was hesitant at first because I didn’t even have that kind of money to back myself up. I kept saying no, no, and no but he didn’t stop until I made a deal with him as long as we had set payments I would be receiving in return and he promised me he would pay me back. A Few months went by when I received his payments. I was happy because I helped my brother out, he was paying the credit card on time. I had a date to check it, it was the fourth month, it was the weekend and I was at my parent's place and I didn't have the computer there because my computer was at a group home. I wanted to relax there. When I got back to the group home, I checked my credit card bill. No payment was made from my brother! I knew something was wrong, he didn’t send me an email to tell me that he paid for it. So I went to check my card and the payment was not made. I got worried right away and tried to get a hold of him to ask what was going on.  I was ignored for almost two months at the same time the late fees, interest, and rate were going up on the payment. The payments were more than my SSI, I had been receiving SSI every month but since I live in a group home they’re entitled to take 90% of it. I didn’t have enough money for small things during the month, let alone pay a large bill that wasn’t even mine. Every month I would ask my brother to send the payment for the credit card. I was able to get a ride to his home to get some answers. I arrived and went to the door, once he opened it, he looked at me with a shocked face. He has always underestimated me, thinking I would ever show up at his doorstep. I asked right away what was going on with the money; he said: “I’m sorry Todd, I can’t send payments anymore because my wife got in a car accident and the van is trash now!” I looked at him with my jaw dropped and said to myself, “hello! The bill is still under my name and I don’t have the money to pay it. But on the other hand, I felt bad for his family as well.” I had nothing else to say at that point so I had left. I was worried as the next few months went by; the interest is going up and the amount is going up a lot. So I had waited those few months out so he could care for his wife. During that time, he didn’t contact me once; so, I went to see him again. When I arrived his young son opened the door and I went right in. He came out and sat down to talk to me. I asked him, what are you doing with this bill? '' He said to me, “Oh nothing because we aren’t working right now and we are waiting for insurance so I can buy transportation for her.” I didn't know what to say or do anymore. “I was thinking about his insurance to pay off my credit card he owes.” I was upset because I helped him out and I was living at a group home. He didn't understand what situation he was putting me in. He says “I feel that the best thing you could do is go bankrupt.” I looked at him and said, “no way, are you crazy?” He said this to me, “no but you don’t have to worry about anything because you are living in a group home.” I was very angry and didn’t want to be at his house anymore; so I left his place. The next day I wrote to my caseworker to ask her to help me with this problem. She agreed to come and help me, so we closed the account for now. This way it will stop the fees and interest from going up so much. I decided the only thing I could do now was pay it in very little amounts whenever I had the money to do so. Every time I saw my brother, I asked him to please send money to my credit card. He always said I can’t, I have no money. And would still tell me to go bankrupt. I can’t believe he has the nerve to say this to me and not even help me out a little bit. One of the most aggravating things is that he’s always out and about doing activities. Such as camping, partying, drinking, smoking, doing pot, and vacations. All he does is think for himself, one day he will realize the wrong and hurt he has caused. At this point I gave up on him; I didn’t know how to keep someone like that in my life anymore. I didn’t kick him out of my life, I was mad because he thinks that it is ok not to pay a bill, he made it for herself but he used my credit card. I left it alone because I felt that I was to talk to the wall and he is right and I was wrong. A few years went by. I have been living in an apartment for a few years now. I heard about first-time buyers; it is going to help people buy a house. It was my dream to have the house so I went to programs on it and I did everything plus I passed the class. Come to find out he owed the whole amount and more because of the interest. People from the program said to me, I’m sorry but you can't go forward with this right now. I couldn’t go forward with my dream. I had been very upset and angry about everything. I was crying almost every night. I was down in the dumps for a while, but I decided I couldn’t feel bad about it anymore. I needed to do something about it. One morning I went to my office and I started digging through all of my credit papers. I saw it saying that I still had at least 2 more years left for it to be paid off. So I started planning it again and I had to take the class again, this time I was ready to go because I was sick of the apartment. One day my brother called me because he wanted to come over to see me. I said sure. So he came over and we talked and he gave me some money for a credit card. He felt that it paid up. I saw it and I said Thank you, I was thinking it isn’t half of it because of all fees and interest. I smiled at him and said Thank you again. I didn’t want to say anything about it again because he feels paid up. So I worked on my credit but my brother held me back to buy a house I wanted. It was 3 and half years long and now I am ready for the house but my family and my circle of support thought It was a mistake. So I kept pushing that my wish, I don’t like people saying to me that you can’t. Why can't I? Because I need some help. Everyone needs help sometimes but I do need a little more help but it is OK because I am me. Now my credit card is paid up and I am happy because I can do my gold to get the house and I know it is time for me to move forward to my life. I need to make myself happy; maybe God wants me to do it! It is time for my next big move; I wanted to own my own home. I did most of the research myself and learned about programs that could help me become a homeowner. I did all the programs again for the first buyer. Then I went to the bank to see about a loan. They did approve of me. I had a lot of people say that I could never afford a decent home in a safe neighborhood. Here we go again with the warning about people taking advantage of me. After looking at several houses in all kinds of neighborhoods I found my first home. It was hard to find a house because I was low income and some areas were bad areas. I didn’t stop looking for a house until I found a house that fit me. I saw 25 houses; I was going to see my 26 houses. It was small but it was cute, my eyes could see what I wanted to do with it. I didn’t tell anyone why I thought this house is right for me, and the programs are yelling at me plus I had 60 days left on my grants. I said, “I'll take it.” I didn’t let my sister come to see it. I asked for $5000 less than they were asking for it. Then everything went wrong, I did 4 programs, and it was helping to put money down on my house. I got 3 of 4 grants. They said that I did it wrong so no go this grant, I was mad because it was $6000. I fought it but they said no. Plus the heating system is old; the bank won’t close on it. I went back to the dealer to ask them to put a new heat system in the house or give me $1500 off. They made money but they were starting to get mad because the paperwork took too long, so the dealer wanted back out of our deal. I had to think because I don’t want to lose everything I worked for and go to class for grants. I said to my person that I want to rent it. The person thought I was crazy but she listened to what I wanted. They said yes and She was shocked because She hadn't heard it before. So I moved in because I am renting it but my family and circle of support thought I was crazy but I said to myself why I am going to rent 2 places. So my circle of support, sister, and best friend helped to move into the house. They did in a day but I had a big mess but I am happy and my best friend stayed overnight for me because it was a new place and he wanted to help me. We had a little pizza party then cleaned up. We put my computer together and joked around; I had fun with him because I can’t forget what he said when we were sitting around. He said to me, “I am very proud of you!” I said Thank you, that means a lot to me. Then we worked around the place, we did a lot of stuff. I was happy he made the weekend free for helping me. When He had to leave for home I am going to be myself. I looked around the place and I said It is going to be all mine but thank God, I asked for rent because it took 4 months to do the paperwork. On September 30, the house is mine. I was in shock and I said to myself, “I did it.” I started to cry because everyone put me down. I know they love me but I wished that people would know me. Stop putting me down, start to give me support but I kind of love people putting me down because I won’t stop what I want. Next thing I want to get a cat, I was looking for a cat for a long time but I wanted to wait for my name to be on the home page. I looked around for the kitty, my staff and I asked questions about the kitty. She was lying on my legs, then a person from her company said I can’t have her because I will run over and kick it. Staff and I left there and I am so upset and disappointed. She made me sick because she thought I hurt it. I understood where She was going but She didn't know me because I was with my parents. We had dogs and cats. I told my sister what happened, and then a few days went by. I got a text from my sister, she said, “I found your kitty! Do you want 1 or 2 kitties? They are 5 weeks old.” I was so happy; I said to her, “I would like to have a kitty.” She sent me a few pictures of them and I picked what I like. My sister brought her to me. I was watching a football game. I heard my sister is coming to my place. She had a coat on her arm. I heard a kitty was crying. I showed my sister where I wanted a kitty to go. I wanted a kitty to go to the office room because I had everything for the kitty. I found out it was her but she was very cute and small, now I don’t care about the football game. I wanted to stay in the room with her, I watched her every minute I could. When she went to the bathroom then I knew she was comfortable. For a few days, I left her in the office room but I stayed in the office room with her. I wanted to make sure she was eating and go to the bathroom. I was ready to let the cat out of her room. She came out of her room and she was very cute. When she was afraid, she ran to her room. Few months passed by; she got bigger. She was jumping in bed when I was sleeping. Every morning she was giving me kisses. I loved it. Then my staff and I picked her name and we came up with Martha for her name. She came when my staff called her name when I was alone with her. I called for her, “Mar-tha.” She ran to me, I started to cry because she came to me. She was the best thing for me, yes I was happy about my house too but she makes me such a happy person. 
When I have free time, I like to think about my family because I am such a lucky person because if they didn’t adopt me, I know that I would be a different person and I might have a different life. I know that I have loving parents; they love us and they did everything for us. I am the baby of the family. My sister is older than my brother and I. My sister likes to feed me but she loves to eat my food. She is a caring person, always helps me when I need it. When it is summertime, we are going to walk around the camp place. Then during school time, she will help me to do my homework after school and I hate it because I wanted to relax when I got home. I had to sit behind the couch when I did my spelling! I don’t like it because it was hard for me; I was using a bliss symbol board and picture book at that time. I didn’t understand it but our Mom pushed us to always do our homework because they wanted me to do the best I could but I had no system to do it. I was looking at the word and remembered how to spell it. I wasn’t hearing the word over, over and over so I cried, my sister tried but it wasn’t working. When she was 18, she went into the Navy. We sent a few letters over the years when she was there. Now my brother is a caring person too, he helped me with anything I needed when he was around. When he was there, we played around. When we played, we broke light bulbs downstairs and our parents yelled at us. I always looked up to my sister and brother. I also remember my brother ran away when he was 16 years old. He went to a few houses down our street. I think having kids is always something. When we were together, we got into trouble a few times and my parents yelled at us or we got spanked on our behind. We were boys and we got into a few things here and there, yes we got a few more spankings on our behind. So what if our parents gave us a few spankings, it wasn't abused back then because I feel it is the parent’s job to help us to learn what is the right way and wrong way. Today I feel the world is a joke because now everything is abused. I feel kids are using this word and controlling their parents and teachers. I think that we should have to go back to old school ways. I feel a parent has the right to discipline their children the right way but there is a limit.  On the other hand, it isn’t right to hit anyone because you feel like it.  What I think is abuse but they did something a little wrong. It is fine to give them a little paddle on the behind. Today the world has more stealing and yelling back at their teacher or their parents. Now parents can’t put their hands on their kids at all because the kids make a sound like they are being abused. I wish that could go back to the old days because you were afraid of your parents and your teacher. Back in the old days, my Dad’s or my Uncle’s teacher would hit their hands. I don’t like that idea because I think it is a parent's right and teachers are helping you learn how to learn. Well, back then was a different time than my time but now is so different because I think children shouldn’t do half the stunts they are doing now. I am afraid our world is becoming lazier. I think about the movie “The Time Machine.”   It was about a man who went into the future, then he saw people wearing a white dress and they knew nothing about anything. I feel it is going to happen because today everything is about computers and they are cutting back paper books. Anyway, every family has some problem in their family, sadly my brother thinks that he is the “black sheep” of our family. I don’t know why he is thinking that but it is hurtful that he thinks it and when he said he was abused by our parents that hurt me because they love us to no end and are very caring parents. He was taking Ritalin. It is for his hyperactivity. I know he did stop taking them; I think it was helping him a lot but I don’t know why he stopped taking them. Maybe he thinks that it didn't help him, but it did. He always gave our parents a hard time but they would always do the best for him as they did for each of us but he doesn’t seem that way and I don’t understand it because our parents love people. Yes, they had rules because of their parenthood but I was the only person who stayed with him. He did hurt my grandparent, my Uncle, my parents, my sister, and myself. He wasn’t good with money so everyone helped him but when someone said no to him then he would stop talking to him or her. He had a best friend for 20 years who helped him out every time when my brother didn’t talk to my family for 25 years. I stayed in his life because he is my brother. Also, I know my brother would get high and drink but I didn’t say anything to him because I don’t want to be on his bad side. Plus I was an information guy because I feel that my family had the right to know what is going on with my brother because he had kicked them out of his life but not me “yet”. But I know he has a lot of problems. I told him to go to the counselor, but he said no each time, so I kept asking him to go. He did go to see a counselor, who he told his counselor that he doesn’t like anybody telling him what to do.  In the end, it was a lot of work to get him to go but seeing the counselor worked out because he has his family back in his life. It was good for a little while, then a few months later we were having a family party, which we do every time when my parents come up from Florida. I got a text from my Mom that he asked her for money, so she helped him out. Then came to find out it was turning into every month. He would ask her for more money over and over with different excuses.   My parents would help him out because of his grandchildren.  Then she told him that she can’t any longer and then he didn’t like that because she said no to him. He then stopped talking to my parents for a little while; when he is done and got over his mood he will talk to them again. I always go to see my brother; my staff takes me where I need to go and he would stop in because I was living a minute away from his job. I saw him every week because he had lunchtime with me. It was nice. 
Well, the next story is going to change everything with my brother and me because he thinks I was wrong and lied to people. One morning I don’t feel so good, my staff is coming in to feed me and help me for the day. I had a very bad stomach ache that morning; he came to my house. He said to me, you aren’t looking too hot. I said to him, I got a stomach ache. He said to me, OK, I am going to give you a drink.  Do you want to eat? I said just a little. So he did feed me, then he said to me, I am going to do your business today. Then he asked me if he could stop at his home because he got a new puppy. I said to him no. He put everything in my van for my business. He left around 10 am. I tried lying down to rest a bit and I couldn’t so I watched a movie. It was an hour and a half. I thought he had a problem with my vending machine then I got a text from him, he will be back soon. I texted back OK to him; I knew he had to get his daughter by 2:30 pm. Now it was past 1 o’clock. He isn’t here yet, so I texted him again. I got nothing from him. Now it is 2 o’clock and still, I have heard nothing from him, now I was starting to get hungry but more I was starting to worry. I watched the clock until my next staff member came in; she came at 4:30 pm. She saw I was home but no van in the driveway, she said to me, where is your van. I told her that I had a stomach ache this morning. The staff went to do my business and that I’d been texting him and received no answer from him. Then she asked me to turn on my TV so we could watch the news. I did.  A few minutes passed by then I saw my van on the news. It was in a crash, the news relayed the van had crossed the centerline of the road, striking the oncoming tractor-trailer. I was in shock, my staff called my sister immediately.  She told my sister what happened and my sister said to her, I am coming over to stay with him for a few days. My staff went back to the kitchen to cook my dinner; my sister lives about 30 minutes from me. I was a mess inside of me; I was saying to myself, Oh my God, and then another thought, what if I went with him. Would I be dead? Why did I have a stomach ache this morning? I kept asking myself this over, over, and over in my head. I was freaked out because of the loss of one of my best staff.  He was my good friend too. He does anything for me. If he saw someone needed help, he would help him or her without questions asked.  I ask myself again, why? Now I am thinking about what happened this morning, I didn’t tell him to do my business. He asked me to do it. If I didn’t have a stomach ache and I went with him, we both would be dead or maybe he might be living right now because we might have done something different to put us in a different time or place. Is it my fault? I thought about that for 5 minutes, it was 30 minutes because I saw my sister walk up to my ramp. I was happy to see her; she gave me a very long hug. She said to me, “everything is going to be fine.” I went to eat my dinner; my staff was being patient with me. It was hard to eat my dinner because I was very scared and took a long time to eat my dinner. My sister was calling my insurance for me, and then she called our parents to tell them what happened. My sister is allergic to my cat, I feel bad. Then my staff left for the night.  My sister and I talked about what happened today. We talked for a couple of hours and we were getting tired now. She went upstairs and I went into the bedroom. I lied down in my waterbed, my cat Martha was laying next to me. She stayed there for a long time; I know that she knew because pets know stuff. When she was lying next to me for a long time, I was thinking about what happened today and asked myself why? I got only 4 hours of sleep that night. The next morning came, my sister fed me breakfast and she was working on insurance and making a few phone calls. So she called the police first then called the place that has my vending machine. I would like to know what happened; we found out that he never made it a place for my vending machine. So I asked my sister, where was he? She said to me, “I don’t know Todd.” He was on a different side of town; I thought he was going to do my business for me. I was upset, sad, scared, and confused because I felt like I lost everything. When someone works for me, I know that I am their boss, and yes they have their rules but we have fun too. I felt like I lost my best staff and friend, he was both to me because he would try to do everything for me. When the police officer and T.V. said where he was, I was so confused because he asked me to go home because of the puppy, and I said no. He went anyway, that hurt me because he didn’t listen to me and he might be here today. My sister and I didn’t find out what really happened to him, it might be confidential. A few days went by, I didn’t look at the computer because I was too upset and depressed. When my sister had to go back home and back to work. I had to change my schedule around and my brother offered to come to feed me during his lunch because I was down staff in the morning time. When I went to my Facebook, Oh my God. I did know what happened but my Facebook page had messages. If I was OK or needed any help.  To my surprise, they were working on trying to do a fundraiser and they had started an account of a “go fund me page” for me so I could get a new van. A few places want to do special events for me. I was overwhelmed because I thought that I was going to go it alone. I moved into my new house 7 months ago and I bought a van 5 months ago and I was paying for it. I was afraid because I have no money and I was paying for the van I don’t have anymore. I have 3 years left for it to be paid off.  Then to my surprise, the news people wanted to interview me. I did that with my brother and my sister who was behind the camera because she is a little camera shy. Then a few days went by, my brother was here but it was a very odd time. He said to me, “come outside with me.” I did and in front of me was a white van. I thought he bought it for himself; he took me in the back of the van. He opened it and put a ramp down, then he said: go ahead, go up the ramp because it is going to be your van. The owner from West/Herr wants to help you. I was shocked and my heartbeat was going faster and I don’t know what to say, I was so happy. A few days went by, my brother came to feed my lunch and he wanted to talk to me. He wanted to tell everyone I got the van and stop the fundraisers! I said no to him when he said you have to and I am writing to everyone! I said to him, “no you won’t because I want to write to them.” he said I have to go back to work now. I said OK. When he left I went on the computer to write messages to people saying that I got a van and I told them that I don’t care if you want to stop the fundraisers, they all said no Todd!  They all said we are going to move forward with these events because you need insurance, oil changes, and what other things you need for your van.  Then I told them that I would like to do something for his daughter too. They said to me, “thank you and we are all just so happy you got the van!” So the next day came and I was waiting for my brother to come to feed me and show him all the messages I got, well he didn’t come to feed me my lunch and no text from him. Then I thought something happened to my brother, so I texted him, I asked him, “where are you?” Then he texts me back, “I’m not coming to feed you because you are lying to people, plus people need to know that you got the van and I did everything for you.” I wrote to him back, “Thank you for your help. The people know about my van.” He never texted me back, so I didn’t eat my lunch because he was pissed off at me because I didn’t listen to him but he didn’t know that I was listening to him but he always wants to do things his own way, I guess. I felt emotionally abused by my brother! He didn’t want to come to feed me my lunch. I got no text from him saying that he isn’t coming to feed me my lunch. So he left me hungry when I had no one to feed my lunch, that is abuse because he knows that I can’t feed myself but he thinks it was ok don’t come to help me when I was counting on him, He doesn’t see it as abuse because I was wrong and he is right and I got a staff is coming at dinner time anyway. I said to myself whatever because I am tired of his games, I did text my sister about our brother and what he did to me. She said to me, “Oh my God Todd I’m sorry. He is so selfish.” I said to her, “He didn’t want to hear what I wanted to do if he came today, I had everything on my computer so he could read it.” I was sad because I lost my best staff plus I was fighting with my brother, I don’t even know why we are fighting over what. I had a lot of stuff on my plate but it didn’t stop me from going to the funeral to say bye to my friend, my buddy. It was so hard to see him lying there and all his family was there. So his ex-wife came to see me and she took me up to see him. I said bye to him. I stayed there for about 10 minutes then I left. I don’t like to see dead people because it is hurtful to see a person lying there. I wish that I could say goodbye in a different way. I like to remind him that he was not lying in the box. I went there because I didn't want his family to think that I didn’t care about him. I do care for him but I don’t like to say goodbye because he is in my heart for a lifetime with my grandparents and John. A few days went by, the news people wanted to do an update on my brother and me but he isn’t around. So, my favorite sister is helping a lot more now. When I had a second interview with news people when they were taping me. The West/Herr came in my driveway with the white van my brother had days before. I met the President of West/Herr and their chief financial officer that night, they were the best people I met. They knew that I needed this van a.s.a.p. And they know it will take a lot of paperwork because of my programs. They want to do everything the right way for me, so their chief financial officer came back to my place to do the documentation for it to go through my supplemental trust fund. So, my Mom had to sign the paperwork as my supplemental as the account executor.  When they were at my house, we did all the paperwork then I gave them a check. They said to me, “Do not worry, they will wait to cash the check after your fundraisers are over. Your van is going to be the first fundraiser.” I had no transportation for weeks but I had a lot of friends that helped me. One of them was always there for me and I was so lucky I met him 20 years ago. His Dad has the bus with the wheelchair lift; he would take me out when I needed something or take me out of the dance club. He doesn’t want me to get too depressed or mad at myself about what had happened in regards to the accident. He took me to the first fundraiser so I can get my new van. I called it my snow-white because it is beautiful. It only had 19,500 miles on it. It was the first van I ever had with the low mileage of all the vans I had over the years. I have a budget. I would have had to find a van under $4000 because of my income. The vans had 89,000 miles on them, but I know when it is up to 135,000 I would have to look for a different van. People don’t understand how hard it is to do things. The disability programs have a lot of strict processing and rules. That night my best friend took me to my fundraiser, when I got there my favorite sister was there and she stayed next to me all night long. I had no idea but they had a lot of people in there and they came to help me plus they knew I got the van, but I saw the family of my deceased aide, his Mother, and brother. I went over there and I said I’m sorry to them and they did say it back to me too. I felt very thankful they came because they were there to help me any way they could. Then a person from the bar came to me and said to me, “wow a lot of people came and they know you got the van and your brother is here. You don’t have to worry about him because all your friends are watching out for you in case he causes any trouble.’ I replied to him to thank him for doing this for me.  Personally, I had thought my brother and wife came because they were “fishing” so it was odd because he wrote on Facebook he isn’t coming.  He wrote mean things and basically said his opinion was that it isn’t right to have the fundraiser and that I was a selfish person. I didn’t see him but his wife did come over to see me and gave me a hug. She then said to me, “I’m sorry” and she left my side. Then I went over to see my favorite Uncle, he said, “Hi kid” to me and he went on to say, “You don’t have to worry about me, I am here for you and you better get going - you have a lot of people to say Thank you to.” I went over to sit in front of the door so I could make an announcement to say thank you to all people. Then my brother wanted to do a speech, so I had to sit next to him. I didn’t see him for weeks and it was the first time I saw him at the fundraiser.  My sister was in front of me and I saw a few guys were around my brother. I was worried about him because he can say anything he wants and he likes to lie. I listened to what my brother had to say. When he was at the end of his speech, they had to interrupt him from speaking further because he wanted to make suggestions about something with the money. They didn’t want him to say anything about the money, as it was not his to speak to. So they did stop him, then he and his wife left for the night.   When he left, I felt better and more relaxed because I knew him. He doesn’t stop until he gets what he wants.  I knew he felt strong and didn't think that I should have the fundraiser money because the van was donated from West/Herr. He doesn’t think about all the fees, insurance, and special things I need for the van.  He doesn’t understand what I have to do to get things. I worked very hard to be as successful and be where I am today. I was able to get my first van when I was 36 years old and the van was more than 10 years old. So I had to look for a different van every 2 or 3 years.  Every time I had to find the best van to get different, the best van for me to meet my disability needs. Before the crash, I had the loan for a better van to use for me and I was hoping it would be with me for more than 4 years. I had a group of different friends who made me a beautiful homemade ramp for my van so it will be easier for my staff to put my power wheelchair in the van. I was so happy because I got a new van that had low miles and a new ramp for my van. Sadly, I was only able to use it for only 2 months until the crash. I was worried about insurance, my payment for this van and then having to buy another van. I was so very lucky the West/Herr worked something out for me. My brother doesn’t know half the stuff my sister and mother knew nor how hard I worked to get this van.  He just thought this van was free.  If he didn’t walk out of my life during my hard times, maybe he would know things but he only wanted to see it his way.  My fundraisers and the go-fund-me account money went to my supplemental trust fund. I deposited the donations into my supplemental trust fund but I had a hard time getting the information from the person who set up the “Go Fund Me Todd Transportation'' page.  Every week I asked my contact for information so I can put the funds raised into my supplemental trust fund.  I kept getting the runaround from this person for literally months and months. I was dealing with that drama in addition to my brother who was still so against me.  He kept saying “you are greedy” and I’m not. He kept saying that he hoped that “people find out the real you.  I feel I have the best morals and you don’t.  Yes, I do pot, I think everyone needs to do it. “After those statements, I didn’t want to answer or communicate with him because he doesn’t know the pieces and steps it takes.  I was upset because he didn’t try to listen or understand all the components when they were explained to him. He ignored us when we tried to tell him.  I had gone to court because the ex-wife of my personal aide who had died in the crash thought she could sue me to get more money for her daughter out of a workmen’s compensation case.  The Judge in my case heard both sides and was very considerate of my needs.  I bet my brother doesn’t know that happened, but he knows everything that he said. I was still trying to get money from the one who would fund me, but that person responded suddenly and said that I don’t need it and that I am greedy.  Then it hit me! I knew that person was talking to my brother. I found out that a person took the specific go fund me money.  So, I knew right then, my next step was that I had to call the police to file a report.   I wrote to go-fund-me and it took over a year but they did refund me the full amount that was raised. I put that into my supplemental trust fund.   My parents, sister, and my Uncle were very relieved, as was I because all my family and friend’s money was donated to that and we would have felt awful that they had put their money into that for me and someone had taken it.   My sister is just appalled that in addition to my brother being so inconsiderate about what it takes to be a handicapped person and that person to take the money is just unreal.   She always says do these people want to be in my shoes with my daily conquests and struggles I have to endure.  
I wanted this chapter to be a few small stories, then Jennifer said to me, "Ok, why?" I said to her, "because it doesn't have a lot of information, and I would like to write stuff, not the full story." My brother put me in a headlock when we were playing, and He didn't want to let me go. It was different because I couldn't get any air, I was scared and afraid, and he said to me," If you tell our parents, I will put you in a headlock, and I won't let you go." I couldn't say anything to anyone; I was scared to sleep some night because he does dumb things. He would say to me, "Don't tell our parents or hold the headlock." I will give you one example, and I don't particularly appreciate it when my brother babysits me. Our parents left the house for something, and he had to feed me. When I wanted a drink, he had a smirking face. I knew something was up, I drank my drink, and it didn't taste good. He was laughing, and I was sick of it. I know he did; I asked him, "Did you pee in my drink?" he said no to me, and then I had little left in my cup; I said to him, "drink it if you didn't!" He did throw it out; I knew he did. I can't tell him because he would mind me about headlock. Then Jennifer turned her head around to look at me, and she said to me, "Oh my God! Todd, it was an abuse to you." I said to her, "I know, but I couldn't do anything back then, but I can talk about it because I am tired of being quiet." Then she said to me, "I agree, and I would like you to tell me everything you can." I said ok to her. My grandparents and Uncle bought my brother a car and gave him money for his insurance for his car. A few months later, he crashed his car, and he had no insurance on his car. I knew about it because my grandparents and Uncle told me about it, and they were very hurt by it. My brother thinks that he didn't say anything wrong about what he did; I was upset and disappointed because the money was going for insurance. I heard that he used the money for different things, food and rent, and fun with it. I feel it was wrong what he did because the money was insurance only, and I feel like He didn't care about the new car they bought for him. Like me, I helped him buy a van for his family, and I got screwed by him because he made my credit bad, so I can't buy a house, but when they got money from insurance from the crash. He did fix their place up; he paid my credit card what He feels like. It wasn't half, and he bought a new truck, he went to football with his son. I was so glad the cop stopped him; he was drinking before the game, and they were walking in the stadium, and they stopped him and his son because my brother was drunk. They told me to go back to your transportation to sit there. He went back to his truck, and then he wanted to go home with his son; I guess the cop was waiting for him. He got a pullover and went to jail overnight, and I was mad at him because he drank with his son at a game, and they didn't see a game. I wanted him to stay there for a few days because I want him to learn from his mistake. He didn't because they went camping and he was drunk; he feels like going muddy his truck is getting muddy. It wasn't a good idea because the mortar bows out; they had truck-only transportation. I told him that you were dumb. He doesn't like that. Now they had nothing, so his wife went to church and asked for help; her church helps their Christmas time. They said that I don't have money for presents for our children. I said to myself," They can party, drink and smoke, but they can't help themselves." When he is mad at someone, he walks out of people's lives, the last time I saw my brother. In March 2015, but I can remember this, in October 2006, Eric county had a bad snowstorm, and I had no power. My brother came to get me and took me back to his place, and I had to stay there five days because of no power. I was glad he came. Another snowstorm hit Eric county in November 2014, I was fine, and I stayed home with Martha; she was a kitty. I hadn't been on staff for 37 hours, and I had to do what was best for me. I am worrying because if I move again, will it mean another snowstorm? When I need to find new staff, it is to find good people. I had a good friend, and her niece is looking for a job. I interviewed her, and I know she was scared, but I did hire her. I felt she was an angel because she had a big heart, did projects, went everywhere when she was working, and my days were joyful with her. Sadly, she worked with me for over 15 months because she had a health problem, but I have two staff who started to live in my apartment. So, they started in 2007 and 2008. They are still working with me today; I need to find more people like that. When I was living in my apartment,  my sister would like me to go with her and her husband for the weekend. I went with my sister, and she has my golf cart at their second home. Their second-place has many trees, hills, and dirt roads; their place was no place. On the last day, I was there, and they told me that a hill is bad. They showed me, and they said to me, "don't go down a hill because it makes too hard turns and the golf cart has no breaks on it." Then Jennifer said to me, "You didn't!" Well, I had to because I was lost and I knew that the bottom of the hill is there, the dirt road to take up to their place. I was on top of the hill, and I saw a log in front of me, but I needed to make a turn right before a log. I knew about my golf cart when the motor was running. It broke inside the motor, I started the motor, and I was going down the hill. I was fine, but I missed my turn. I stopped before hitting a log, I looked around, and I could see a dirt road; I put the golf cart backward. I was trying to go backward, but I couldn't because it was so muddy then I was going forward and backward a lot of times; now I got my golf cart's wheels between a tree. It looked like I did hit a tree; now I can't move. I looked in the back of the golf cart, and it had chains; I said to myself, "maybe, I should put chains around the tires." I need to get one wheel to pass a tree, and then I will home free; I crawled in mud. It was cold, but I was happy with myself; I got the chains around the tires, but I didn't know how to lock it, so when I tried to move the golf cart, the chains fell off, but I tried it again, and again. I laughed and had a good time. Then I was sitting on the golf cart, and I was thinking about what is next. They then found me and weren't happy with me, and they were ruling and said to me, "It looked like you hit the tree." I said no to them, but they didn't want to hear it. All they said to me was that we were looking for you for 90 minutes! They weren't nice to me; I was saying to myself, "were you there? No! buzz off!" I was saying it over, over, and over in my head. When I got to my apartment, I was glad because I don't have to hear anymore, but I still hear when they meet new people.
All my life, I worked hard where I am today. It isn’t easy to do, but I kept pushing until I wanted to. When I was 16 years old, I got the first device to use, and I had the best teachers behind me. I met a man from the Department of Communicative Disorders and Sciences, University at Buffalo, and I didn’t know who he was. Still, he worked with my teachers and was helping me with my device and computers. Over the years, I learned who he is, grew together, and he gave me many projects over the years. I loved it because I learned a lot of different stuff; I remembered a project we did together, it made me sad. I learned about M L S and A L S, and I watched the video of them. They were walking and talking then they could move only their eyes. We wanted to help them because we want to make something for them. And I had to see people have cancer, and they are cancer-free or dying each day. I am scared because many people worked hard in their life, are sick, or have a few months to live. It is upsetting to me because my dad has Macular Generation, and it is hard watching him because he did build our house, now he is having a hard time seeing things. It isn’t fair, but I know that everything is happening in our lifetime because everyone is different. That is how the world works; people are rich, but they want to be richer than poor people are becoming poorer. I know something, plus I know who I am. I have cerebral palsy, and it isn’t stopping me, but I have to work a little more, but it is OK because it is me. One day I got an email from a lady from University at Buffalo; over the years, we worked on a few projects, and she helped me when I needed something for my device; plus, she gave me two gifts over the years. The first gift I got from her, took pictures from a camera myself. That was my wish for a long time, and she found a way to do it. The second gift I got from her when I received it was from an email that said, “Hi Todd, I hope you have enjoyed your vacation in Florida. I would like to nominate you to be a distinguished speaker at our national conference for speech-language pathology. This would be an opportunity for you to impact SLPs across the country. The conference is in Boston in November. I could have my students help you prepare your speech as a project for my course. Perhaps Brie could come as your assistant? I replied, “I would love to do it.” She knew I was thinking that for me, writing a speech is akin to writing a book one day—it would be a lot of work. But I would get to go to Boston to tell SLPs about myself and how I broke down the wall. I knew nothing about Boston, but my best friend goes a few times every year. I have always enjoyed going to new places and meeting people. I would know by the end of March whether or not I would be invited to the convention. I tried not to think about it because I didn’t want to get my hopes up. When I found out that I was indeed nominated to present, I was excited and happy. I started meeting with the students who were going to help me with my speech. I already knew them because we had worked together before. They worked very hard for me. We had a lot of work ahead of us. I showed them my ideas, and we worked on the speech for months. After listening to the final product, we changed some wording because my device pronounced some words wrong. It was tedious, but the students did it. I was grateful because the students did put together an awesome speech for me. Thank them because they did put an awesome speech together for me. I had a month before leaving for the Boston trip, and I wanted to go clothes shopping for this trip. I texted Jennifer, and then she put her head up from the laptop; she said to me, “I do remember that! We had fun. You were trying a lot of clothes on, and you let me pick them.” I said to her, “It was the best time when I was with you.” She kissed me. Then we are back to writing again. When we were done with clothes shopping. When there were just a few weeks left before the big trip, I started getting stressed. I worried the audience would not like my speech. I worried they would solve problems with my device or my power wheelchair. I finally said to myself, “Stop it! Everything will be fine.” I knew that because my best friend had agreed to go to Boston with me. The night before we left for Boston, I waited for my best friend to arrive from Rochester. He said to me, “Are you ready to go to Boston? But now I am hungry for pizza and chicken wings!” I said OK to him; we went to a restaurant to eat and joke around. We were there for hours because we talked about everything, his work, his family, and the Boston trip. He said to me, “It might open the doors for you.” I said to him, ``I am hoping so!” We went back to my place when he was driving. I was thinking about what he said to me. The next morning I was up at 5 am. My staff fed me and got me ready for the trip while my friend slept. We were scheduled to leave at 9 o’clock. We got a late start, but it was fine; I wanted my friend to rest before leaving. We drove through snowstorms, and then it was sunny and beautiful outside. Boston shocked me because it was so big and busy. We checked into our hotel and were amazed at how nice the room was. I found the hotel as soon as I was sure I was speaking in Boston. I paid under $500, and we were there for five days. It was only 3 miles from the convention center, but we had to drive through a lot of traffic. We did a practice run the day before my speech, leaving early enough to make it to the convention center via side roads and still find the room for my presentation. After figuring out our route to the convention, we drove around Boston to see the sights. Unfortunately, you have to pay for parking everywhere you go in Boston. I was sick of paying for parking so I asked my friend to drive out of the city for a while. I felt myself relax some, but then I started to get scared thinking about my speech tomorrow. We got something to eat then went to our hotel to relax for tomorrow. The morning came, and I was going crazy, checking my speech and my device. My friend saw what I was doing and said, “You have given your speech a lot. Yeah, it is a big presentation, but I know you can do it. I want you to look out at your audience and find a woman you like. Smile at her and look around when your device is speaking. When you are done looking around, redirect your attention to the woman you picked.” I said to him, “Thank you, I am going to try it.” So we left for the convention center and arrived on time. I waited for my turn. Then I went to the front of the room and waited for people to arrive. Although there were about 250 chairs set up in the room, some people stood along the walls or sat on the floor. I looked around and found a woman to focus on. Then I put my hand on my device, pushed a key, and said, “Hi! My name is Todd. I would like to tell you about my...” Then Jennifer stopped me, and she said to me, “I need to go to the bathroom before I listen to your speech.” I said OK to her.
When she came out of the bathroom, she looked at me, and then she put her hand on the laptop when she was putting the laptop on the couch. Then she said to me, "I know that we have to do your speech, then we are done, right?" I said yes to her. She saved my book because we need a break from it, plus our dinner is ready too. We looked at each other and said, "wow, the book is 95% done; all we have to do is your speech from Boston, then we are done!" We gave each other a high five, then we went to the kitchen, I went to the table, and she went to get lasagna. so she can put it on the table. We were eating our lasagna, and she was feeding me, but every time I looked at her is always beautiful; in my eyes, I looked at her. When I was looking at her, I felt she was thinking something, so I asked her, "What are you thinking about?" she said, "Well, What if you didn't go to School 84, went on trips, lived at home by yourself when your parents left vacation and met Kelly?" I asked good questions! I've thought about this on my own time as well, but I didn't tell her the story about five doctors who were on my case, and four said he should be Institutionalized because they didn't believe I would develop as well as I had. It was the key to my life; I'm lucky to have gotten these opportunities. All of the hardships and great things made me who I am. I don't want to change anything because if I changed one thing in my life, maybe I would be different, and I don't want that because I am happy who I am, but my fear is I don't find my dream girl so that we can gown together but what if Kelly didn't go to Alaska? Would we be together and have a few kids? No one knows that question because God knows, but I know in my heart she was the one. Now, I am afraid I am getting older now, and I will be alone. She said, "awe Todd that makes me happy that you don't want to change who you are! I know that it is hard to find someone, but someday you will." It can be hard for many people to be happy with who they are. '' OK, what is your next wish?" Before I asked your question, do you remember I said, "I'm not a disabled person, but when I went outside of my house, everyone thought that." I don't understand why a person has to say, "special needs, clients or disability." There are more words for disability, and I'm not too fond of it because I am a person, and my name is Todd. It is OK if they say this to them, "He has cerebral palsy, he can't talk, walk and eat himself but he understands you." Plus, if they are working with me, if they are out with me. I told them, "you can say this to them; I am working for him, or I am his friend, and I am helping him out." When they are using special needs or clients, I feel that people are looking at me differently, and they think that I have behavior or don't understand them. All I am doing to live my life and meet different people, do I say four eyes, fat and any I want to say to them, I should, but I don't because it is hurtful. Now I don't look at them when they say special needs or clients because it isn't me. Anyways, what are my wishes? I said to her, "running for President because no one knows what he or she is doing!" We laughed. I know nothing about being the President, but I know we have a lot to fix in our country, but I know that I couldn't ever run for President because of how I am in the eyes of others. She said being President is a big wish, how about you choose something smaller as we laughed. So, I went down on my wish list, and I picked two things. She said, "What is that?" Number one, I would like to have a wife and have a few kids. That means a lot to me because I was adopted, and I was lucky to have loving parents, and I have a loving sister and a loving brother, but I feel something is missing. When my loving parents adopted me, they gave me life to grow up never wanting to be, and I am thankful to them, but I am getting older. I thought I have a beautiful wife and few kids now, but I don't; I wish that I have kids because I am adopted; what does it mean to me? Adoption is a seed to me, and it doesn't care if you are a person or two people. When I am grown up to a tree, I have many branches because my parents helped me and all teachers I had.  Now I have many leaves, one day, the leaves fall off, and the tree will die. It is making me sad because I know that I have many seeds to give to other trees to grow. It is tougher to meet girls than to go on dates with me because of who I am. My second wish comes to play because I would like to see more people look at disability differently. Look at me; I am trying to do the best things I can for myself without taking any shortcuts. I am tired of people looking at others or me with a disability, thinking they are un-capable. Everyone is different, and so what if he or she needs a little more help because everyone needs help sometimes. Then Jennifer said, "you are right, and I like the way you are." I smiled at her, and I said to her, I am going to take a bath. '' She said, "OK, but I have one more question for you." I said to her, "yes, what is it?" She said to me, "when Kelly hurt you, how many girls did you have?" I said to her, "I don't know because I like to go out and dance, and yes, I met nice girls but no "home run" because I don't have the same feeling as when I had Kelly. I want to say about 2 or 3 girls, but It isn't the same. I will tell you about it when I come out of my bath." So, I went to the bathroom. I went into the bathtub, then filled it up and turned on the jets. Then a few minutes went by, and I heard Jennifer saying, Todd, Todd can I come in? I said, sure. She opened the door, then walked into the bathroom, closed the door, and locked it behind her. I knew Martha would be mad because she can't come to the bathroom on her own. I tried to tell her, but she walked over to the bathtub, put her feet in the tub, and then took her towel off. Her towel was on the floor, and I saw the towel was on the floor then Jennifer said to me, "Todd, I knew you were trying to hide it, but I know you were looking at me every minute you can, it is fine because I want you looking at me. It is OK to look at me, and please look up at me." So, I did slowly, and she was naked with me in the tub. She said to me, "Do you remember I have a present for you?" I said, "yeah." She said, "It is me!" I laughed, and we smiled at each other. She went down next to me when we were lying in the bathtub together. Then I heard a knock at the bathroom door. I ignored it, but I kept hearing the knocking at the bathroom door. I figured it was Martha just trying to get in. I got out of the bathtub, I turned around to look at Jennifer, but I didn't see Jennifer! I saw Kelly's face, and I couldn't take my eyes off her because her head was on the bathtub, and she was looking at me and smiling at me. But I still heard a knock at the door, and then I turned the doorknob to open the door a little bit. Martha didn't come into the bathroom. I was shocked she didn't come in, then I opened the door more. I went to the bathroom door because I could see a shadow when the bathroom door opened; I said, "Jennifer??" She was outside full of snow and with two bags. I turned my head around, and I was in the living room. I saw the fireplace was on, then I looked at the clock, and it was 9:30 am. Then I saw Martha run into the bedroom. Then I said to myself, "I know February 12 is special to me, but did I daydream all this? Because I miss Kelly, and I know it will be challenging for me to find someone else who likes Kelly. Oh my God, Did I make Jennifer into Kelly? If I did, why do I always wake up when I am having my favorite part of my dream! Did I write a book about my life when I was daydreaming about all this? I know that I have good stories in my head, but I need to write them on paper one day." Then Jennifer said to me, "are you OK?" I was in shock and shook my head yes. When I shook my head to say yes, I saw Jennifer with real hair color, and her tooth isn't broken off, plus she has her glasses on. I asked her, "What is the date today? Then Jennifer said, "Todd, today is February 12, then she looked at me. She said I know Todd, I know. Today is a tough day for you. I'm sorry. I am here for you, but I am hoping this is OK; I brought my boyfriend with me." I looked at her confused because she never told me about her boyfriend last night, which is strange because we talk about everything. Then I smiled, and I said to her, "that is fine" as they walked in my house. I looked at him and said, welcome to my place. '' He said, "Hi Todd, I am Dan." I said to him, nice to meet you. I was upset and slightly disappointed because I thought she had feelings for me, but I'm not that hurt because it happened to turn out that way with me a lot. I have a bad history with getting my hopes up. When Dan was talking to me, I turned him out because I was watching Jennifer take her jacket off, but she had on a shirt and jeans; then I heard Jennifer saying Todd, Todd. I was looking at her, she said, "come with me so I can help you with a shirt on." We went to my bedroom when we got to my bedroom. She asked me, "Are you OK? When I got here, you were space out." When she got my shirt for me, I told her that I was sitting on the couch waiting for you and I was daydreaming about something. When she put a shirt on me, she said to me, "Oh, you were daydreaming; what daydream about?" I said to her, "Oh, it wasn't anything to worry about. I was bored, and I was thinking stuff." Then she said to me, "Todd! You asked me what today is, and you looked shocked." Then she said to me in my ear, "It is OK to daydream about Kelly. I know it is hard to meet someone special for you, and you need to open up more. I think about you every day because you have a nice house! Plus, I know people are looking at you like you are a disabled person, and they are thinking that you are still living with your parents or you might live in a group home. I wish that people had time to get to know you because you are a great guy. "Then she went on her knees and she said to me, "I know that I turned you down when you texted me about your feelings. I'm sorry." I looked at her and said to her, "It was a long time ago, and we are best friends now that I want." I said to her, "You and Dan have upstairs but no business stuff up there." We went to the kitchen, and we exchanged laughs. She asked me, "what do you want to drink?" I said anything, then she said to me, "Do you want your real juice stuff? I will make it for you; can I have it too?" I said to her, "yep and sure." When Jennifer was cutting fruit for the juicer, Dan came into the kitchen with us. He said to us that he would start shoveling snow before it gets too deep, so we said OK to him. So, Jennifer then made my juice for me. He went outside to shovel, and I was happy because he was outside and I wanted to get only time with her. She searched the cabinets for the special cups that I need; I sat there and watched her. She noticed the smile on my face and came over to me and gave me a little nudge on my back. She turned back around, and I pointed up to the cabinet where they were in. She poured the juice in and grabbed my little towel. She said, "oh my gosh! I am so horrible to give you the drink, I'm so sorry, Todd!" as my drink spilled all down the front of me, she yanked the cup away so fast it went all over her as well. She sets the cup down on the table, and we both burst out laughing. She apologized again. I said, "It's OK; you know it's not the first time it has happened." "I'm going to change my shirt; you need to change your shirt and jeans. That way, we can put them in the wash." We went to the living room to see how Dan was doing. He was doing OK, but the snow was falling too fast for him to keep cleaning my ramp. Then she said to me, "I am going to change my clothes, then put our clothes in the washer, and I am going outside to help him. So, she went to my bedroom to change as I went to the bathroom to take my shirt off and wipe it down with a towel. As always, I need assistance with putting a shirt on. I opened the bathroom door to head towards my room, but before I even made it 2 feet, I noticed the door was barely shut. I could see Jennifer's naked back with just jeans on. I slowly and quietly went back into the bathroom. But I threw my towel and shirt in the hallway because I knew she would ask for it. I decided to act like I was using the toilet. But I just sat there debating if I should tell her what I had just seen; it was the dream I had when I heard her call my name "Todd, are you alright in there?" I yelled back, "yeah." I heard her walk past my door. So, I then slowly opened the door, and she wasn't in the bedroom, so I slowly peeked around the corner and then went in. I could hear the noise downstairs. She must have been throwing in a load of laundry. I sat in the room waiting for her to come back up to help me with my shirt and deodorant. When I was waiting for her to come upstairs, I talked to myself again because I remembered my dream and I was sitting in the same spot in my dream, but I can hear Dan shoveling, but it is very odd for me. So, All I could think to myself was, oh my gosh, I wonder what she has on. My dream I had, she was a little forward with me, and I could see everything because her shirt was opening a lot. I know it isn't happening now because she got a boyfriend here and he is outside doing my ramp and driveway for me. Then I heard her come back up the stairs, and she was calling my name out, Todd, Todd. I yelled for her to come into my bedroom. So, she walked into the bedroom. As she came around the corner, she smiled at me and set the basket back down. She had on the jeans with a few shirts on because she is going outside to help her boyfriend shovel, but I noticed she isn't right because she is reticent, so I had a funny feeling something is wrong. I didn't say anything to her yet.  I need to watch her and listen to how she talks to each other because I know my Jennifer. So, she grabbed my shirt and put it on me. Like my dream, I'm not distracted by her because she had clothes on, and I know that we are friends and nothing else. Then she said to me, "are you OK? Do you need anything before I go outside?" I said to her, "No, I am fine, and thank you for coming here to help me." She said to me, "Todd, it isn't any problem to come and help you." She went outside to help her boyfriend out, and I crawled to the couch. I jump on the couch so I can watch them shoving my driveway and keep my eyes on them. Then I got my laptop; before opening the laptop, I was sitting on the couch and thinking about when I was younger. I could imagine a lot of stuff. Now my imaginations aren't good anymore, and I need that book because it was different and odd. I don't have time, plus I want to write about my life story one day. Oh, well said me then I opened the laptop up then I went to Kindle on the laptops to open it up. I have been listening to a book for weeks when I am alone because I don't want my staff and friends to hear it. So, I looked at the window then turned my head to look at a picture of my Uncle. He died on Christmas day 2019 from cancer. I was in Florida with my parents for Christmas and New Year's, so on Christmas day 2019 around 3 pm, my mom and I called my uncle. He was sleeping, but his staff put the telephone up to his ear, heard, and made some noise to my mom, then it was my turn to go on the telephone. All I can do is make some noise, so I went on the phone and said hi to him; I made some noise for him. When I was done, I gave the phone back to my mom, and she was talking to his staff; he was smiling when Todd was on the phone. My mom had her best friend over for dinner, and we were starting to go to the dinner table. I heard my phone going off then the house phone was ringing, my mom answered, it was his staff calling because he passed away 2 hours after we called him. We cried together, I was there for my mom, and I was with her every minute I could. I was working on a project for myself; it was too hard to do it. Anyway, I am thinking about him, and I asked myself, "was I wrong to go to Florida?" Nobody knows that question because I know him. He will say go to Florida, but I can remember the last few words told me before I left for Florida, "I will miss you, kid." I had a funny feeling when he said that because I was afraid that he would be done when I came back from Florida. I am still looking at a picture, and a few minutes went by, then I said to myself, "I miss him so much, plus he was my good friend, and I will be promised never to take any day for granted." Then I turned my head to look back to the laptop and put the mouse on the play. I pushed play to read to me, and I listened to it when they were shoving, then I closed my eyes.
